C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	One long-standing solution to mitigating costs has been generics, a pharmaceutical drug with the same chemical substance as a drug whose patents have expired.	61_12	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	So there’s an almost universally accepted desire to increase the number of generic drugs in the marketplace, since they’re supposedly cheaper than their branded counterparts.	61_12	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Even if this gets some people cheaper drugs in the short term, it will destroy the next generation of medicine in the long term.	61_12	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	For example, generics have been admonished for substandard manufacturing conditions as well and underpaying Medicaid rebates.	61_12	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Speaking of Shkreli, generics are just as capable of price gouging.	61_12	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Lack of quality control in foreign supply chains hits home.	61_12	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	A study has shown that mass media interventions; for example, use of teaching sexual education through commercials shown on television, or ads on social media, have proven effective and decreased the amount of unprotected sex [ref].	46_2	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Slyer stated that sex education teaches the young person what he or she should know for his or her personal conduct and relationship with others [ref].	46_2	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Gruenberg also stated that sex education is necessary to prepare the young for the task ahead.	46_2	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The ultimate goal is to foster mutual respect between boys and girls early on so that it impacts their conception of the world later on [ref].	46_2	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It doesn’t promote early sexual activity or any particular sexual orientation.	46_2	1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	The bottom line is that biofuel subsidies in rich countries are bad for development by increasing the costs of food and driving tropical deforestation even while failing to reduce the emissions that cause climate change.	89_7	-1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	A recent WRI paper asserts that allocating cropland to grow feedstocks for biofuels poses a fundamental threat to a food secure future.	89_7	-1
C	Should suicide be classified as a criminal offence	It is concerned with the treatment of terminally ill patients and is aiming to improve the quality of those dying.	111_5	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Tobacco smoke in enclosed spaces is breathed in by everyone, exposing smokers and nonsmokers alike to its harmful effects.	65_8	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	In adults, second-hand smoke causes serious cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, including coronary heart disease and lung cancer.	65_8	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Neither ventilation nor filtration, even in combination, can reduce tobacco smoke exposure indoors to levels that are considered acceptable.	65_8	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Only 100% smoke-free environments provide effective protection.	65_8	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Contrary to common belief, smoke-free environments are widely supported by both smokers and nonsmokers.	65_8	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Having a smoke-free environment often saves money for bars and restaurant owners, reducing their risks of fire and consequently their insurance costs.	65_8	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Article 8 of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, recognizes that exposure to tobacco smoke causes death, disease and disability, and asks countries to adopt and implement legislation that provides protection from second-hand smoke.	65_8	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	There is an argument that copyright is invalid because, unlike physical property, intellectual property is not scarce and is a legal fiction created by the state.	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	One of the founders of Piratbyrån, Rasmus Fleischer, argues that copyright law simply seems unable to cope with the Internet, and hence is obsolete.	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Fleischer's central argument is that copyright has become obsolete with regards to the Internet, that the cost of trying to enforce it is unreasonable, and that instead business models need to adapt to the reality of the Darknet [ref].	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Groups such as Hipatia advance anti-copyright arguments in the name of freedom of knowledge and argue that knowledge should be shared in solidarity.	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	They argue that current copyright law hinders the realisation of these rights in today's knowledge societies relying on new technological means of communication and see copyright law as preventing or slowing human progress [ref].	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Relying on the concept of the author, copyright is based on the assumption that without an intellectual property rights regime, authors would have no incentive to further create, and that artists cannot produce new works without an economic incentive.	120_6	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Liang challenges this logic, arguing that many authors who have little hope of ever finding a market for their publications, and whose copyright is, as a result, virtually worthless, have in the past, and even in the present, continued to write [ref].	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Selmer Bringsjord argues that all forms of copying are morally permissible (without commercial use), because some forms of copying are permissible and there is not a logical distinction between various forms of copying [ref].	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Edwin Hettinger argues that natural rights arguments for intellectual property are weak and the philosophical tradition justifying property can not guide us in thinking about intellectual property [ref].	120_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Shelly Warwick believes that copyright law as currently constituted does not appear to have a consistent ethical basis [ref].	120_6	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A sedentary lifestyle can potentially contribute to ill health and many preventable causes of death [ref].	10_1	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	One of the most prominent direct effect of a sedentary lifestyle is an increased BMI leading to obesity.	10_1	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A lack of physical activity is one of the leading causes of preventable death worldwide [ref].	10_1	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Indirectly, an increased BMI due to a sedentary lifestyle can lead to decreased productivity and increased absenteeism from necessary activities like work [ref].	10_1	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A 2019 review indicated that running, regardless of its frequency, would likely improve population health and longevity, and that any amount, even just once a week, is better than no running [ref].	10_1	1
C	Should suicide be classified as a criminal offence	This court upheld the previous ruling with the reasoning that the Alaska Constitution’s right to privacy and liberty does not allow terminally ill patients to be assisted by physicians in committing suicide.	111_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Instead of perusing general interest publications, such as newspapers, readers are more likely to seek particular writers, blogs or sources of information through targeted searches, rendering the agglomeration of newspapers increasingly irrelevant.	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Critics of the newspaper as a medium also argue that while today's newspapers may appear visually different from their predecessors a century ago, in many respects they have changed little and have failed to keep pace with changes in society.	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	In some countries, such as India, the newspaper remains more popular than Internet and broadcast media.	9_10	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Combined with the current recession, the cloudy outlook for future profits has meant that many newspapers put on the block have been unable to find buyers, who remain concerned with increasing competition, dwindling profits and a business model that seems increasingly antiquated [ref].	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	As succeeding generations grow up with the Web and lose the habit of reading print, noted Columbia Journalism Review in 2007, it seems improbable that newspapers can survive with a cost structure at least 50% higher than their nimbler and cheaper Internet competitors [ref].	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	By 2016 social media sites were overtaking television as a source for news for young people and news organisations have become increasingly reliant on social media platforms for generating traffic.	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Some newspaper analysts believe the wisest move is embracing the Internet, and exploiting the considerable brand value and consumer trust that newspapers have built over decades.	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Observers point out that the reliability and accountability of newspapers is being replaced by a sea of anonymous bloggers, many with uncertain credentials and points of view.	9_10	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	The peculiar fact about the current crisis, writes The New Yorker's economics writer James Surowiecki, is that even as big papers have become less profitable they've arguably become more popular [ref].	9_10	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	What's going on in the news business is a lot like what's happening with music, said editor Paul Steiger, a 43-year journalism veteran, who further added that free distribution of content through the Internet has caused a total collapse of the business model [ref].	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	The revenue streams that newspapers counted on to subsidize their product have changed irrevocably: in 2008, according to a study by the Pew Research Center, more people in the United States got their news for free on the Internet than paid for it by buying a newspaper or magazine.	9_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	With newspapers entering bankruptcy even as their audience grows, the threat is not just to the companies that own them, but also the news itself, observed writer David Carr of The New York Times in a January 2009 column [ref].	9_10	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Abolitionists believe capital punishment is the worst violation of human rights, because the right to life is the most important, and capital punishment violates it without necessity and inflicts to the condemned a psychological torture.	68_1	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Human rights activists oppose the death penalty, calling it cruel, inhuman, and degrading punishment.	68_1	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Amnesty International considers it to be the ultimate, irreversible denial of Human Rights [ref].	68_1	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	A country will work for over a decade to prepare for the games, and at the end of the Olympics, most host countries are stuck in debt.	3_10	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	As Japan prepares its capital city, Tokyo, to host the 2020 Summer Olympics, they may be realizing they are going to lose more money than they will gain by hosting the Olympics.	3_10	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The public usually has a bit of an issue with Olympic infrastructure development because their tax dollars are often used to pay for the construction.	3_10	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Overall, the calculations and finances show that most host countries will not be able to make a profit by hosting the Olympics.	3_10	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China (中华人民共和国商标法) sets out general guidelines on administration of trademarks, protection of trademark owners' exclusive rights and maintenance of quality of products or services bearing the registered trademarks, with a view to protecting consumer interests and to promoting the development of the socialist market economy [ref].	120_8	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	However, registering copyrights for literary works can avoid, or at least simplify, ownership disputes.	120_8	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	China passed the Patent Law of the PRC[9] (中华人民共和国专利法) to encourage invention-creation and to promote the development of science and technology [ref].	120_8	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	At the EU–China summit 2007, EU Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said, I regard the SCHNEIDER case as a test case of the level playing field in China on intellectual property protection that we want to see [ref].	120_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Scruton therefore regards the emergence of the animal rights movement as the strangest cultural shift within the liberal worldview, because the idea of rights and responsibilities is, he argues, distinctive to the human condition, and it makes no sense to spread them beyond our own species [ref].	16_3	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	In Christian theology, the founder of the Methodist movement, John Wesley, was a Christian vegetarian and maintained that animals had immortal souls and that there were considerable similarities between human and non-human animals [ref].	16_3	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Online courses have expanded rapidly and have the potential to extend further the educational opportunities of many students, particularly those least well-served by traditional educational institutions.	8_8	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	However, in their current design, online courses are difficult, especially for the students who are least prepared.	8_8	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	These students consistently perform worse in an online setting than they do in face-to-face classrooms; taking online courses increases their likelihood of dropping out and otherwise impedes progress through college [ref].	8_8	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Online college courses are rapidly growing.	8_8	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	An estimated 1.5 million K-12 students participated in some online learning in 2010 [ref], and online learning enrollments are projected to grow in future years [ref].	8_8	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Non-selective and for-profit higher education institutions have expanded online course offerings particularly quickly.	8_8	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Using variation in course-taking that arises both from changes in course offerings at particular campuses in a particular term and from variation across students in the distance that they have to travel to take in-person courses, we find that taking a course online reduces student grades by 0.44 points on the traditional four-point grading scale, approximately a 0.33 standard deviation decline relative to taking a course in-person (See Figure 1).	8_8	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	We also find that taking a course online, instead of in person, increases the probability that a student will drop out of school.	8_8	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Moreover, taking a course online reduces the number of credits that students who do reenroll take in future semesters.	8_8	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Thus, while online courses may have the potential to differentiate coursework to meet the needs of students with weaker incoming skills, current online courses, in fact, do an even worse job of meeting the needs of these students than do traditional in-person courses.	8_8	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	These analyses provide evidence that students in online courses perform substantially worse than students in traditional in-person courses and that experience in these online courses impact performance in future classes and their likelihood of dropping out of college as well.	8_8	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Advertising is at the front of delivering the proper message to customers and prospective customers.	37_3	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	The purpose of advertising is to inform the consumers about their product and convince customers that a company's services or products are the best, enhance the image of the company, point out and create a need for products or services, demonstrate new uses for established products, announce new products and programs, reinforce the salespeople's individual messages, draw customers to the business, and to hold existing customers [ref].	37_3	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	While advertising can be seen as necessary for economic growth [ref], it is not without social costs.	37_3	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Unsolicited commercial e-mail and other forms of spam have become so prevalent as to have become a major nuisance to users of these services, as well as being a financial burden on internet service providers [ref].	37_3	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Advertising is increasingly invading public spaces, such as schools, which some critics argue is a form of child exploitation [ref].	37_3	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	This increasing difficulty in limiting exposure to specific audiences can result in negative backlash for advertisers [ref].	37_3	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	In tandem with these criticisms, the advertising industry has seen low approval rates in surveys and negative cultural portrayals [ref].	37_3	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Critics claim that food advertisements targeting children are exploitive and are not sufficiently balanced with proper nutritional education to help children understand the consequences of their food choices.	37_3	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Additionally, children may not understand that they are being sold something, and are therefore more impressionable [ref].	37_3	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Opponents of globalization argue that there is unequal power and respect in terms of international trade between the developed and underdeveloped countries of the world [ref].	12_3	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization, according to the sociologist, has turned elites into tourists in their own countries.	12_3	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In light of the economic gap between rich and poor countries, movement adherents claim free trade without measures in place to protect the under-capitalized will contribute only to the strengthening the power of industrialized nations (often termed the North in opposition to the developing world's South) [ref].	12_3	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Arctic	This brings potentially catastrophic consequences for the global climate as well as commercial opportunities and risks.	59_8	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The Committee heard that the loss of sea ice in the Arctic creates new economic and social opportunities, but that if this is not managed correctly, the consequences could be dire.	59_8	-1
C	Does discipline limit the development of personality	There are 5 criteria for effective positive discipline: Positive Behavior Support (PBS) is a form of child discipline that is a proactive and positive approach used by staff, parents and community agencies to promote successful behavior and learning at home and at school for all students.	105_1	-1
C	Does discipline limit the development of personality	(Browning, 2000; Potter, 1999; Esquivel) Studies have repeatedly demonstrated that a student’s perception of being part of the school community (being connected to school) decreases the incidence of socially risky behavior (such as emotional distress and suicidal thoughts / attempts, cigarette, alcohol and marijuana use; violent behavior) and increases academic performance.	105_1	-1
C	Does discipline limit the development of personality	(Resnick et al., 1997; Battistich, 1999; Goodenow, 1993) There is also significant evidence that teaching younger students social skills has a protective effect that lasts into adolescence.	105_1	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	They found that, over all, harms increased with each additional drink per day, and that the overall harms were lowest at zero.	88_8	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Only 4 in 100,000 people who consume a drink a day may have a problem caused by the drinking, according to this study.	88_8	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	This message shouldn’t get lost in any argument: There is no debate, and this study confirms once again, that heavy drinking is really bad for you.	88_8	1
C	Should we support animal rights	We should bring to fruition various premises that call for equal consideration of all species by employing philosophical ideologies.	16_6	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Countering the claims of benefits from using animals in research is evidence that animal tests do not always reliably predict results in human beings.	16_6	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Instead, alternative testing methods now exist that can replace the need for animals.	16_6	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	The festival has been criticised by animal welfare and animal rights supporters [ref].	97_1	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	The local residents and festival organizers claim that the dogs are killed humanely[4] and that eating dog is no different from eating pork or beef [ref].	97_1	-1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	Animal rights activists and campaigners, however, claim that the animals are treated cruelly, based on photographs of the event.	97_1	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	An editorial published by the People's Daily expressed the view that while activists understand dogs as companion animals, neither the Chinese legal system nor the current Chinese public recognizes them with this special status.	97_1	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Excessive alcohol use causes neuroinflammation and leads to myelin disruptions and white matter loss.	88_5	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The brain goes through dynamic changes during adolescence as a result of advancing pubertal maturation, and alcohol can damage long- and short-term growth processes in teenagers [ref].	88_5	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Results of the ISCD 2010 study showing that alcohol has the highest economic cost to society of all drugs considered.	88_5	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol abuse is associated with many accidents, fights, and offences, including criminal.	88_5	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol abuse is highly associated with adolescent suicide.	88_5	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Additionally, alcohol abuse increases the risk of individuals either experiencing or perpetrating sexual violence [ref].	88_5	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol misuse costs the United Kingdom's National Health Service £3 billion per year.	88_5	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	“In every society and throughout history, excellence costs money,” he said.	49_9	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Depending on the length of use, the side effects of the steroid can be irreversible.	23_7	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Although Ziegler prescribed only small doses to athletes, he soon discovered that those having abused Dianabol suffered from enlarged prostates and atrophied testes [ref].	23_7	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	“This is clearly a problem for the extraordinarily well-heeled,” Glick said, “It is pregnancy for a fee, and I find that commodification of women troubling.”	114_7	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Her sentiments echoed those of Steinem, who wrote a letter to Governor Cuomo arguing that legalizing paid surrogacy places “disenfranchised women at the financial and emotional mercy of wealthier and more privileged individuals” and would allow “profiteering from body invasion.”	114_7	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Other liberal feminists have come out in favor of legalizing surrogacy, arguing, as reproductive attorney Nidhi Desai did in the New York Times, that “this debate comes down to whether legislatures believe that people who are otherwise unable to bear children should be prevented from having an opportunity to build their family in this manner.” To feminists who support the practice, legalized surrogacy is just another extension of the “my body, my choice” mentality that dominates so much of liberal feminist ideology.	114_7	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	If women should have the right to pay to terminate a pregnancy, they should have the right to be paid to carry one to term.	114_7	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	But feminists are right to be concerned about the many risks and unknowns that come with paid surrogacy, most especially as they pertain to the surrogate women.	114_7	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	In another case, a surrogate unwittingly gave her own biological child away, having become pregnant both by in vitro fertilization with another couple’s biological child and naturally with her own in a rare event called superfetation, according to the Independent.	114_7	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	At its core, surrogacy is the instrumentalization of the female body for profit.	114_7	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	But regulating the industry will not necessarily make it less exploitative or dangerous to women.	114_7	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Egg harvesting and in vitro fertilization, both essential to surrogacy practices, come with significant health risks for women, including increased risk for ectopic pregnancy, ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, and increased cancer risk, as well as an increased likelihood of health problems and cancer among children conceived through artificial means.	114_7	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Even if the surrogacy industry did not rely on poor and vulnerable women and did not entail health hazards for the women involved, nothing can change the reality that at its core, surrogacy is the instrumentalization of the female body for profit.	114_7	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	In a country like C.A.R., a little attention can have a profound impact on children’s lives.	91_7	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Ambassadors like Orlando Bloom, Téa Leoni and David Beckham have visited refugee camps to remind the world that children are still very much suffering, very much in need.	91_7	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	The annual United Nations Children’s Fund report, “The State of the World’s Children 2016,” reflected what Unicef officials said were widening disparities between rich and poor areas, with some of the poorest increasingly at risk.	91_7	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	The report acknowledged success in reducing some symptoms of deprivation since the 1990s, including an overall drop in infant mortality rates and extreme poverty.	91_7	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Anthony Lake, the executive director of Unicef, said in a written foreword to the report that such inequities “perpetuate intergenerational cycles of disadvantage and inequality that undermine the stability of societies and even the security of nations everywhere.”	91_7	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Many critics claim that the appeal of reality TV is schadenfreude.	100_5	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Others say it regurgitates tired stereotypes that “quality” programming left behind long ago.	100_5	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	I’m a scholar of media studies, and to me, the appeal of reality TV is something more intriguing and radical.	100_5	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Numerous ethical questions have been raised with regards to surrogacy.	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Those that view surrogacy as a social justice issue argue that it leads to the exploitation of women in developing countries whose wombs are commodified to meet the reproductive needs of the more affluent [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	While opponents of this stance argue that surrogacy provides a much-needed source of revenue for women facing poverty in countries like India, others purport that the lack of legislation in such countries often leads to much of the profit accruing to middlemen and commercial agencies rather than the surrogate mothers themselves [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	It has been argued that under laws of countries where surrogacy falls under the umbrella of adoption, commercial surrogacy can be considered problematic as payment for adoption is unethical, but not paying a surrogate mother for her service is a form of exploitation [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Isolated from friends and family and required to live in separate surrogacy hostels on the pretext of ensuring consistent prenatal care, it is argued that surrogate mothers may face psychological challenges that cannot be offset by the (limited) economic benefits of surrogacy [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	While some hold that any consensual process is not a human rights violation, other human rights activists argue that human rights are not just about survival but about human dignity and respect [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	On the other end of the spectrum, it has been argued that bans on surrogacy are violations of human rights under the existing laws of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights reproductive rights landmark [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Feminists have also argued that surrogacy is an assault to a woman's dignity and right to autonomy over her body [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	By degrading impoverished women to the mere status of “baby producers”, surrogacy has been accused by feminists of commodifying women's bodies in a manner akin to prostitution [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Feminists also express concerns over links between surrogacy and patriarchal expressions of domination as numerous reports have been cited of women in developing countries coerced into surrogacy by their husbands wanting to “earn money off of their wives’ bodies” [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Supporters of surrogacy have argued to mandate education of surrogate mothers regarding their rights and risks through the process in order to both rectify the ethical issues that arise and to enhance their autonomy [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	It is argued that in surrogacy, the rights of the child are often neglected as the baby becomes a mere commodity within an economic transaction of a good and a service [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Child welfare concerns also relate to the abandonment and abuse of children that may occur in cases where the intending parents divorce, change their minds, or decide they want a different child [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Those which deem surrogacy as a violation to the rights of the child often cite cases of trafficking and selling of surrogate children across borders in Cambodia and other countries, leading to statelessness and lack of citizenship amongst other issues [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	The Catholic Church is generally opposed to surrogacy which it views as immoral and incompatible with Biblical texts surrounding topics of birth, marriage, and life.	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	[citation needed] Paragraph 2376 of the Catechism of the Catholic Church states that: Techniques that entail the dissociation of husband and wife, by the intrusion of a person other than the couple (donation of sperm or ovum, surrogate uterus), are gravely immoral [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Many proponents of this stance express concern that the sanctity of marriage may be compromised by the insertion of a third party into the marriage contract [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Additionally, the practice of in vitro fertilisation involved in gestational surrogacy is generally viewed as morally impermissible due to its removal of human conception from the sacred process of sexual intercourse [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	As such, the Catholic Church deems all practices involving in vitro fertilisation, including gestational surrogacy, as morally problematic.	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Jewish scholars and Rabbis which hold an anti-surrogacy stance often see it as a form of modern slavery wherein women's bodies are exploited and children are commodified [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	This thinking aligns with concerns brought forth by other groups regarding the relation between surrogacy practices and forms of human trafficking in certain countries with large fertility tourism industries.	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Many Jewish scholars and Rabbis also cite ethical concerns surrounding the “broken relationship” between the child and its surrogate birth mother” [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Rabbi Immanuel Jacovits, chief rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregation from 1976 to 1991, reported in his 1975 publication Jewish Medical Ethics that “to use another person as an incubator and then take from her the child that she carried and delivered for a fee is a revolting degradation of maternity and an affront to human dignity.”[52]	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Other sources state that surrogacy is not objectionable in the Jain view as it is seen as a physical operation akin to any other medical treatment used to treat a bodily deficiency [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	However, some religious concerns related to surrogacy have been raised within the Jain community including the loss of non-implanted embryos, destruction of traditional marriage relationships, and adulterous implications of gestational surrogacy [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Others reference the Buddha directly who purportedly taught that trade in sentient beings, including human beings, is not a righteous practice as it almost always involves exploitation that causes suffering [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Susumu Shimazono, professor of Religious Studies at the University of Tokyo, contends in the magazine Dharma World that surrogacy places the childbearing surrogate in a position of subservience, in which her body becomes a “tool” for another [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Simultaneously, other Buddhist thinkers argue that as long as the primary purpose of being a surrogate mother is out of compassion instead of profit, it is not exploitative and is therefore morally permissible [ref].	114_2	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Additionally, arguments have been raised that surrogacy interferes with the preservation of lineage (hifz al-nasl) which is one of the five universals and objectives of Sharia law [ref].	114_2	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Some conservationists say that a limited legal ivory trade is needed to satiate demand, especially in China, in a controlled manner.	63_4	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	A legal trade, they say, would only lead to even greater demand for ivory.	63_4	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Elizabeth Bennett, a longtime conservationist and vice president for species conservation at the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS), says it has become clear that it is impossible to have a controlled trade in elephant ivory.	63_4	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	The overarching problem is that once illegal ivory has entered the legal trade, it's difficult or impossible for enforcement officers to know what's legal and illegal.	63_4	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	He believes that bans on trade can reverse a poaching trend.	63_4	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Studying Abroad Can Be an Expensive Waste of Time	93_1	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	At a time of limited federal, state and local budgets and difficult financial choices, we need to keep in mind that learning success will be driven more by good, accountable teachers and by involved parents than by any study abroad program.	93_1	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Studying abroad can be a nice “add on” in theory, but it also can be a waste of time, or simply a good time, for an unfocused – and privileged – high school or university student.	93_1	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	At the end of the day, education is about instilling knowledge, increasing opportunities and opening the eyes of our young people, and that can be done without fancy and expensive study abroad programs.	93_1	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Study abroad is expensive, and it can be more so or less so, depending upon how it's designed and depending upon ... resources that the institutions have to supplement the cost.	93_1	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Cast back through history or just look cross-culturally: Men’s abiding interest in women (and women’s interest in having men be interested) creates limitless potential for friction.	41_10	-1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Equity is a quintessentially progressive and thus classically American goal.	41_10	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	No question, women are a boon for certain types of missions, especially certain special operations missions.	41_10	1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	While the doping worked in achieving victories for the state and advancing a relatively small nation to prominence on the world stage, many concerns remain.	23_9	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	All victories by East German athletes are tainted due to the widespread use of drugs.	23_9	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	However, numerous potential side effects from steroid consumption are known, including increased risk of cardiovascular disease, liver problems, violent mood swings, extreme masculinising effects in females and a clear link with certain forms of cancer [ref].	23_9	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Data with many cases (rows) offer greater statistical power, while data with higher complexity (more attributes or columns) may lead to a higher false discovery rate [ref].	29_1	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Analysis of data sets can find new correlations to spot business trends, prevent diseases, combat crime and so on [ref].	29_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Banning Smoking in Public Places and Workplaces is Good for the Heart	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Public smoking bans appear to significantly reduce the risk of heart attacks, particularly among younger individuals and nonsmokers, according to a new study published in the September 29, 2009, issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	“Even breathing in low doses of cigarette smoke can increase one’s risk of heart attack,” said David Meyers, M.D., M.P.H., professor of Cardiology and Preventive Medicine, University of Kansas School of Medicine and lead investigator of the study, which is the most comprehensive analysis of related studies to date.	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	“Public smoking bans seem to be tremendously effective in reducing heart attack and, theoretically, might also help to prevent lung cancer and emphysema, diseases that develop much more slowly than heart attacks.	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	These findings are particularly important in light of mounting evidence that second-hand smoke exposure is nearly as harmful to the heart as chronic active smoking.	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Dr. Meyers adds that smoking remains the leading preventable risk factor for heart attack.	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Secondhand smoke is thought to increase the likelihood of a heart attack by making the blood “sticky” and more prone to clotting, reducing the amount of “good” (HDL) cholesterol in the body, and putting individuals at greater risk for dangerous heart rhythms, among other factors.	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	The reduction in heart attacks associated with public smoking bans is a big deal,” said Steven Schroeder, M.D., director, Smoking Cessation Leadership Center University of California, San Francisco.	65_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	As the United States increasingly institutes policies to protect nonsmokers from second hand smoke, authors say these efforts will yield great public health benefits in the form of reduced disease, disability and deaths.	65_1	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	A 2015 review found evidence of higher rates of mental health comorbidites, as well as higher amounts of substance use, amongst internet gamblers, compared to non internet gamblers.	45_2	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	It has also been alleged that the largely unsupervised electronic funds transfers inherent in online gambling are being exploited by criminal interests to launder large amounts of money [ref].	45_2	1
C	Should suicide be classified as a criminal offence	The aftermath of such events is often traumatic for the officers involved.	111_6	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	The use of performance-enhancing substances by players is illegal and ethically wrong [ref].	23_5	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	The Education Minister Carmel Tebbutt stated all the research shows that if students either get their Higher School Certificate or an equivalent vocational qualification, then their employment opportunities in later life are far greater and so is their income-earning capacity.	124_5	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	On the pro side, secondhand smoke can result in adverse health consequences for some patrons and employees.	65_11	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	This leaves only one potential con that could have significant appeal to legislators: A ban could reduce the profits of and employment by bars and restaurants--and, in particular, may harm small business owners.	65_11	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	If one accepts these results, then smoking bans reduce secondhand exposure yet don't negatively affect (and may even help!)	65_11	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	I found a statistically significant result that the proposed smoking ban lowered the market value of hospitality industry firms.	65_11	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Yet the result of my analysis (the only one using this well-established method) certainly establishes that a smoking ban can hurt the hospitality industry.	65_11	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	To be sure, it is also a possibility that any ban will lower smoking patrons' demand for the services of bars, restaurants and gaming establishments where smoking is not permitted.	65_11	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Basic economic theory maintains that such lower demand could lower the profits of any bar or restaurant subject to such a ban.	65_11	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Basic economic theory also posits that a ban can distort the natural action of the market by leading to a transfer of business from one establishment to another.	65_11	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	That is, animals have the right to be treated as the individuals they are, with their own desires and needs, rather than as unfeeling property [ref].	16_1	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Critics of animal rights argue that nonhuman animals are unable to enter into a social contract, and thus cannot be possessors of rights, a view summed up by the philosopher Roger Scruton, who writes that only humans have duties, and therefore only humans have rights [ref].	16_1	-1
C	Should we support family education	UC Berkeley political scientist Professor Robert Reich[71] wrote in The Civic Perils of Homeschooling (2002) that homeschooling can probably result in biased students, as many homeschooling parents view the education of their children as a matter properly under their control and no one else's [ref].	72_5	-1
C	Should we support family education	while not restricted by law, homeschooling is not socially acceptable or considered desirable[why?]	72_5	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom Availability in Schools: A Practical Approach to the Prevention of Sexually Transmitted Infection/HIV and Unintended Pregnancy	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Studies demonstrate that condom availability in schools is associated with the increased use of condoms and improved overall sexual health.	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	The Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine encourages schools to make condoms available to students as part of efforts to decrease rates of STIs and unplanned pregnancy in adolescents and young adults.	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Adolescents and young adults are the age groups most heavily burdened by STIs in the United States [1].	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms effectively reduce STI transmission.	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	In addition to preventing STIs, condoms can significantly reduce the rate of unplanned pregnancy.	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Thus, making condoms available to adolescents and young adults already using hormonal birth control may further reduce their risk of pregnancy, in addition to affording users protection against HIV and other STIs.	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Lack of availability of condoms is a frequently cited barrier [12].	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Cost is another barrier to condom use for youth.	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom availability in schools leads to increased condom use and improved sexual health	64_6	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Therefore, schools, with or without school-based health centers, are an excellent venue for provision of reproductive health services to teens.	64_6	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Psychological studies have found that speaking two or more languages is beneficial for people's cognitive process and the differences between brains of bilinguals and single language speakers usually provides some mental benefits, according to an article in the Daily Telegraph in 2013 [ref].	27_9	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Becoming smarter	27_9	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Speaking a second language keeps the functions of the brain intact by thinking and using the different language systems.	27_9	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Building multitasking skills	27_9	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Improving memory	27_9	1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	Jeremy Swain, chief executive of the London homelessness charity Thames Reach, has lately made the case again under the stark heading Killing with kindness.	110_3	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	For 10 years Thames Reach and others have been trying to persuade us that handing loose change to sad, dishevelled, beseeching suitors on high streets does more harm than good.	110_3	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	Campaigns to stop it are needed, argues Swain, because of the incontrovertible evidence that the vast majority of people begging on the streets are doing so in order to purchase hard drugs.	110_3	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	They have contributed significantly in shaping up the career of many ordinary individuals that otherwise would not have dared to do so.	100_13	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Stardom For The Ordinary: These reality shows give a platform to the ordinary individuals for showcasing their extraordinary talent.	100_13	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Awareness: Many reality shows brings the awareness of the crimes happening around in the society that we, otherwise, may not be aware of.	100_13	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Encouraging Donations and Social Welfare: Many reality TV shows have encouraged donations and acts of social welfare from the common people.	100_13	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Deceptive: The reality shows on the TV in real have nothing true.	100_13	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Violence: In one way or another, these shows have been a contributing factor in increased violence among the population, especially youngsters.	100_13	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	These shows are just opposite to what they are named.	100_13	1
C	Should the minor be required to be held criminally liable	It is part of Interactionism criminology that states that once young people have been labeled as criminal they are more likely to offend [ref].	30_4	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy still impacts the environment	47_14	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The U.S. Energy Information Administration claims construction of large solar power plants can impact and displace native plant and animal habitats.	47_14	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Some solar power plant water intakes affect nearby ecosystems (namely, aquatic ecosystems).	47_14	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Make no mistake: Renewable energy sources improve public health, decrease global warming emissions and provide jobs that benefit the economy.	47_14	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Video games are often seen as a possible cause to violent actions, notably in the aftermath of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre, but academic studies have yet to identify any direct evidence between depictions of violence in video games and violent behavior; the American Psychological Association's official stance on video games issued in 2015 stated that Scant evidence has emerged that makes any causal or correlational connection between playing violent video games and actually committing violent activities [ref].	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Within the United States, the issues of video game sales regulation led to both the formation of the Entertainment Software Rating Board in 1994 [ref], and the 2011 Supreme Court of the United States landmark case Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association that ruled that video games are a protected class of free speech and blocking legislation on such sales restrictions [ref].	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Playing violent video games, thus, becomes an opportunity to rehearse acts of aggression, which then become more common in real life.	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	A common theory is that playing violent video games increases aggression in young people.	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	In 1998, Steven Kirsh reported in the journal Childhood that the use of video games may lead to acquisition of a hostile attribution bias.	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Teens who had communal gaming experiences reported much higher levels of civic and political engagement than teens who had not had these kinds of experiences.	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	In 2010, Patrick and Charlotte Markey suggested that violent video games only caused aggressive feelings in individuals who had a preexisting disposition, such as high neuroticism, low agreeableness, or low conscientiousness [ref].	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	In 2011, in a longitudinal study of youth in Germany, von Salisch found that aggressive children tend to select more violent video games.	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	One study from Morgan Tear and Mark Nielsen in 2013 concluded that violent video games did not reduce or increase prosocial behavior, failing to replicated previous studies in this area [ref].	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	In 2013, Isabela Granic and colleagues at Radboud University Nijmegen, the Netherlands, argued that even violent video games may promote learning, health, and social skills, but that not enough games had been developed to treat mental health problems.	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	One longitudinal study from 2014 suggested that violent video games were associated with very small increases in risk taking behavior over time [ref].	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	In 2015, the American Psychological Association released a review that found that violent video games caused aggressive behavior, with Mark Appelbaum, the chair of the task force that conducted the review, saying that the link between violence in video games and increased aggression in players is one of the most studied and best established in the field.	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	In 2016, a preregistered study of violent video game effects concluded that violent video games did not influence aggression in players [ref].	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	A 2001 meta-analysis reviewing the relationship between video game violence and aggression in teenagers (n = 3,033) found a significant and positive correlation, indicating that high video game violence does lead to greater aggression among teenagers [ref].	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Sherry later published another meta-analysis in 2007, again concluding that the influence of video game violence on aggression was minimal.	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	He reported that exposure to violent video games caused both short-term and long-term aggression in players and decreased empathy and pro-social behavior [ref].	14_5	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	A 2015 meta-analysis of video game effects suggested that video games, including violent games, had minimal impact on children's behavior including violence, prosocial behavior and mental health [ref].	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Some studies have suggested that violent video game playing may be associated with reductions in some types of aggression, such as bullying [ref].	14_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	A 2011 study by the Center for European Economic Research[102] found that violent video games may be reducing crime.	14_5	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	A sport whose sole aim is to cause brain damage to another person is not a noble art.	50_8	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Barry McGuigan said ‘Boxing damages your brain: don’t let anybody tell you different’.”	50_8	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	2011 – 2012 has seen a great proliferation in MOOCs, or massive open online courses, which made university subjects available free of charge to anyone on the internet.	8_2	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Online courses are more convenient for students than traditional university	8_2	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Online courses would allow universities to use more resources on teaching and research	8_2	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Online courses make it impossible to ensure academic honesty	8_2	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Online courses undermine live communication with professors and other students	8_2	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Traditional universities are a rite of passage to independent life	8_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Marie McFadden, a nurse at the Teen Health Center at Cambridge/ Rindge and Latin High School in Cambridge, Mass., which began distributing condoms last fall, said that most of the students she counsels were already sexually active, and that many of them used no contraception.	64_7	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Other school districts, including those in Mill Valley, Calif., and Talbot County, Md., have recently considered and rejected condom programs, deciding that they were not within the school's mandate.	64_7	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Many health officials, teachers, students and parents contend that, while abstinence may be desirable, the reality is that many students are sexually active and need help protecting themselves from AIDS and unwanted pregnancies.	64_7	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	But religious leaders, other parents and teachers argue that providing condoms sends a message sanctioning sexual activity, infringes on parental rights and may even encourage teen-agers to become sexually active at an earlier age.	64_7	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Drop in Pregnancy Rates	64_7	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Increase in Sexual Activity	64_7	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Since the 1970s, much of the world has become more accepting of homosexual acts and relationships [ref].	20_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The survey also finds acceptance of homosexuality is particularly widespread in countries where religion is less central in people's lives.	20_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In contrast, in poorer countries with high levels of religiosity, few believe homosexuality should be accepted by society.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Abrahamic religions such as Judaism, Islam, and various denominations of Christianity traditionally forbid sexual relations between people of the same sex and teach that such behaviour is sinful.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In some capitalist countries, large private sector firms often lead the way in the equal treatment of gay men and lesbians.	20_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	At the same time, studies show that many private firms engage in significant employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	While conservatism includes people of many views, a significant proportion of its adherents consider homosexuals, and especially the efforts of homosexuals to achieve certain rights and recognition, to be a threat to valued traditions, institutions and freedoms.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The homosexual activist movement are driving an agenda that will severely limit the ability to live and practice the Gospel, whether it is in the boardroom, the classroom, halls of government, private organizations, and even in places of worship.	20_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In their relentless attempts to obtain special rights, that no other special interest group has, they are in the process of redefining the family, demanding not only 'tolerance' ... but 'acceptance', and ultimately seeking to marginalize, censor, and punish those individuals who stand in the way of their multiple goals [ref].	20_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Those who regard homosexuality as a sin or perversion can believe that acceptance of homosexual parents and same-sex marriage will redefine and diminish the institutions of family and marriage.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In fact, the research of Evelyn Hooker and other psychologists and psychiatrists helped to end the notion that homosexuality was in and of itself a mental illness.	20_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Many religious groups and other advocates, like National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH), believe that they can heal or cure homosexuality through conversion therapy or other methods to change sexual orientation.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In many non-Western post-colonial countries, homosexual orientation is still considered to be a mental disorder and illness.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Many organizations focus on these concerns, drawing connections between homosexuality and pedophilia.	20_5	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Richard Sipe, and others have not found evidence that homosexuals are more likely to molest children than heterosexuals [ref].	20_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In June 2013, a federal bill was passed that made the distribution of materials promoting non-traditional sexual relationships among minors a criminal offence; the bill's author Yelena Mizulina argued that the law was intended to help protect traditional family values [ref].	20_5	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	In Bolivia, deforestation in upper river basins has caused environmental problems, including soil erosion and declining water quality.	123_6	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Efforts to stop or slow deforestation have been attempted for many centuries because it has long been known that deforestation can cause environmental damage sufficient in some cases to cause societies to collapse.	123_6	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	In Western countries, increasing consumer demand for wood products that have been produced and harvested in a sustainable manner is causing forest landowners and forest industries to become increasingly accountable for their forest management and timber harvesting practices.	123_6	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Deforestation eliminates a great number of species of plants and animals which also often results in an increase in disease [ref].	123_6	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Deforestation can also create a path for non-native species to flourish such as certain types of snails, which have been correlated with an increase in schistosomiasis cases [ref].	123_6	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Deforestation is occurring all over the world and has been coupled with an increase in the occurrence of disease outbreaks.	123_6	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Another pathway through which deforestation affects disease is the relocation and dispersion of disease-carrying hosts.	123_6	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Regular physical activity can help prevent serious medical issues like cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity.	42_8	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Sports and games in the context of physical education classes can offer character building opportunities for students.	42_8	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Instruction time and budgets in schools are limited.	42_8	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	It's Not For Everyone	42_8	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Bullying Potential: Physical education and gym class certainly come with the potential for bullying to take place.	42_8	-1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Consumers go to their local Farmer’s Market to keep spending local and to hopefully create jobs in the community.	51_8	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	But “buying local” conflicts with basic economic principles.	51_8	-1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Second, proponents claim that “buy local” yields environmental benefits.	51_8	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Third, buying local may increase social capital that increases long-term economic growth.	51_8	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Fourth, some backers claim that buying local provides food security for the local community.	51_8	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	In fact, in many instances, the buy local movement harms the local economy.	51_8	-1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	While “buy local” may raise the profits of local producers however, it decreases welfare of other regions.	51_8	-1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	Feyerabend advocates a democratic society where science is treated as an equal to other ideologies or social institutions alongside others such as religion, and education, or magic and mythology, and considers the dominance of science in society authoritarian and unjustified.	103_10	1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	Historian Jacques Barzun termed science a faith as fanatical as any in history and warned against the use of scientific thought to suppress considerations of meaning as integral to human existence.	103_10	1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	power, and that science's emphasis on manipulating nature leads it inevitably to manipulate people, as well.	103_10	1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	In his Industrial Society and Its Future also known as The Unabomber's Manifesto, Theodore Kaczynski, a primitivist, argues that science marches on blindly, without regard to the real welfare of the human race or to any other standard, obedient only to the psychological needs of the scientists and of the government officials and corporation executives who provide the funds for research..	103_10	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Banning smoking in public places will not do much harm	65_9	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	It will mean less litter to pick up	65_9	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	She said it would help deter young people from smoking because they would see fewer adults doing it.	65_9	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	The science says smoking in open spaces is still harmful to others (well, sort of)	65_9	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A 2002 review of the scientific literature concluded that the commercial large-scale cultivation of current Bt–maize hybrids did not pose a significant risk to the monarch population and noted that despite large-scale planting of genetically modified crops, the butterfly's population was increasing [ref].	92_7	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Crop genetic diversity might decrease due to the development of superior GM strains that crowd others out of the market.	92_7	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Several studies documented surges in secondary pests within a few years of adoption of Bt cotton.	92_7	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	While subsidies have generally proven to have a relatively positive short-term effect, in the long-run their effects have sometimes been judged insignificant or even negative.	90_2	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Subsidies are the most efficient way for a state to redistribute wealth within its borders.	90_2	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Poor communities, often concentrated in rural areas or around large cities, carry a large risk for social instability, whether through epidemic illnesses, crime, drug abuse or political and social revolts.	90_2	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Giving those in poor communities the education and means to better themselves is a much more effective long term solution.	90_2	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Poor communities create criminality	90_2	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Subsidies would help people escape poverty and as a result break the cycle of crime.	90_2	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Subsidies not only do not help or provide only weak temporary relief, but they are also used to manipulate political opinions and influence the poor particularly around election time.	90_2	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Subsidies create a sense of social equality	90_2	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Subsidies help create the equality and non-discrimination that is essential in the new multi-cultural states of today.	90_2	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Substandard living conditions have a broad environmental impact	90_2	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Subsidies have in fact often created more environmental problems by investing in poorly built infrastructure and housing, and by encouraging people to stay in areas that could otherwise not support them.	90_2	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Latency is therefore avoided whenever and wherever possible.	29_3	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Removal of the forests led to decreased transpiration, resulting in the formation of upland peat bogs.	123_5	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	In Changes In the Land (1983), William Cronon analyzed and documented 17th-century English colonists' reports of increased seasonal flooding in New England during the period when new settlers initially cleared the forests for agriculture.	123_5	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	In the 19th century, introduction of steamboats in the United States was the cause of deforestation of banks of major rivers, such as the Mississippi River, with increased and more severe flooding one of the environmental results.	123_5	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Despite these uncertainties, there is agreement that destruction of rainforests remains a significant environmental problem.	123_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It uses tax dollars.	46_12	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	American lawmakers can direct the money we spend on sex education to other more necessary things, like the wall between Mexico and the US that will totally reduce illegal immigration, or giving the POTUS a few extra million dollars every year, so he can go golfing more or something.	46_12	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Children shouldn’t have to learn about human sexuality or gender identity.	46_12	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Everyone knows that teenagers seldom engage in sexual activity, so sex education at this age won’t be good for them.	46_12	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The “facts” children are taught by sex education won’t improve their lives.	46_12	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Parents should be teaching their children this, not teachers, because that would definitely be more educational	46_12	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	No high school teacher is more qualified than a parent to teach a student about sex.	46_12	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The Australian Mathematical Sciences Institute’s schools program manager, Janine Sprakel, said that although it was a good idea to boost numbers studying maths, forcing all kids into the subject would not necessarily make them more “mathematically capable”.	53_10	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Australia’s Chief Scientist, Alan Finkel, who has called for more universities to make maths a prerequisite for course entry, said the subject was critically important because it was “the language of science, just as English was the language of discourse”.	53_10	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	“Both subjects are vital tools in the education of our community as a whole.	53_10	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	In particular, well-­developed mathematical skills are important for those who are ­interested in pursuing careers in science and technology, in economics and architecture, in engineering and medicine,” Dr Finkel said.	53_10	1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	It may also extend to the study of production methods of military equipment, and ways to improve performance and reduce material and/or technological requirements for its production.	103_8	-1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	4), international adoption should be considered as an option if other arrangements (with priority to kin and adoptive families) cannot satisfactorily be arranged for the child in her or his country of origin (principle of subsidiarity between national and international adoption).	73_3	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	However instances of trafficking in and sale of children for the purpose of adoption continue to take place in many parts of the world.	73_3	-1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	It has been raised also the issue that an excessive bureaucratization of the adoption process – following the implementation of the Hague Adoption Convention – possibly establishes additional barriers to the placement of children [ref].	73_3	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	There is evidence that school breakfast programs have positive effects on a student’s ability to learn and function in school [ref].	57_3	1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Past discoveries have been made that students who participate in school breakfast programs have higher standardized test scores and lower levels of absenteeism [ref].	57_3	1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	More recent research has found a positive correlation between school breakfast program participation and academic grades, specifically in the subject of mathematics, along with a decrease in absences and lateness [ref].	57_3	1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Engagement in a breakfast program has also shown to have a positive influence on psychosocial behavior [ref].	57_3	1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	School breakfast programs have benefits for students’ academic, behavioral and social development [ref].	57_3	1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Studies have shown a positive correlation between school meal programs and increased food security.	57_3	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Whereas exposure to mindless or entertainment content such as fast paced and violent video games, constitutes passive or destructive learning which rarely requires use of frontal lobes, resulting in frontal lobe pruning.	14_11	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Regarding research findings, Virtual Violence states: “Summarizing the results of > 400 studies including violent media of all types, researchers found there was a significant association between exposure to media violence and aggressive behavior, aggressive thoughts, angry feelings, and physiologic arousal.	14_11	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Video games are highly immersive and are persuasively and immorally designed by psychologists for the sole purpose of making users addicted.	14_11	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Chronic video game immersion does nothing to prepare children and teens for the rigours of work and social performance demanded by employers.	14_11	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	These children are more likely to act out aggressively or violently as they mimic the characters in the video game.	14_11	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable technologies can enhance energy security in electricity generation, heat supply, and transportation [ref].	47_7	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Investing in renewable energy can have significant dividends for our energy security [ref].	47_7	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable biofuels for transport represent a key source of diversification from petroleum products.	47_7	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The deployment of renewable technologies usually increases the diversity of electricity sources and, through local generation, contributes to the flexibility of the system and its resistance to central shocks.	47_7	1
C	Shouldn't encourage advance consumption	A consumer can have the instant gratification of purchasing an expensive item to improve social status.	19_1	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Supporters of direct-to-consumer advertising argue that advertisements increase competition which leads to lower prescription drug prices and new development, citing, for instance, that between 1997 and 2001, spending on research and development in the U.S. increased 59% while spending on promoting drugs directly to patients increased 145%.	37_8	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Direct-to-consumer advertising, among other patient education initiatives, can educate consumers and patients about new treatments and therapeutic options that may not have been proactively mentioned by their healthcare professional.	37_8	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	A study observed that direct-to-consumer advertising promotes communication between patients and their doctors about medications.	37_8	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	In addition, surveys showed that increased advertising has had a positive impact on the degree to which people adhere to a given course of treatment – but only among those who were already on medication prior to exposure to direct-to-consumer advertising.	37_8	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Some studies have asserted that direct-to-consumer advertising misleads patients into demanding heavily-advertised drugs, leading to superfluous or sub-optimal treatment.	37_8	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	It has been argued that direct-to-consumer advertising can influence the doctor–patient relationship, including patients bringing up their need for an advertised, name-brand drug as their primary concern during a doctor visit, and becoming interested in newly-introduced medications that may not have undergone sufficient postmarketing surveillance [ref].	37_8	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	It has been demonstrated that direct-to-consumer ads have contributed to the frequency of requests made by patients towards their physicians to prescribe analgesic drugs, including opioids.	37_8	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	He added: A community of separate cultures fosters a rights mentality, rather than a responsibilities mentality.	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Chipman and Knopfelmacher were concerned with threats to social cohesion, while Birrell's concern was that multiculturalism obscures the social costs associated with large scale immigration that fall most heavily on the most recently arrived and unskilled immigrants.	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	He argued that political parties were instrumental in pursuing multicultural policies, and that these policies would put strain on the political system and would not promote better understanding in the Australian community [ref].	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	According to Blainey, such a policy, with its emphasis on what is different and on the rights of the new minority rather than the old majority, was unnecessarily creating division and threatened national cohesion.	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	It threatens social cohesion.	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Blainey remained a persistent critic of multiculturalism into the 1990s, denouncing multiculturalism as morally, intellectually and economically ... a sham.	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	He has argued that while multiculturalism might serve the needs of ethnic politics and the demands of certain ethnic groups for government funding for the promotion of their separate ethnic identity, it was a perilous concept on which to base national policy [ref].	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	The British columnist Leo McKinstry has persistently criticized multiculturalism, stating that Britain is now governed by a suicide cult bent on wiping out any last vestige of nationhood and called multiculturalism a profoundly disturbing social experiment [ref].	117_3	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Diversity was a good in itself, so making Britain truly diverse would enrich it and bring 'significant cultural contributions', reflecting a widespread belief among the ruling classes that multiculturalism and cultural, racial and religious diversity were morally positive things whatever the consequences.	117_3	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	The Bishop of Rochester Michael Nazir-Ali was also critical, calling for the Church to regain a prominent position in public life and blaming the newfangled and insecurely founded doctrine of multiculturalism for entrenching the segregation of communities [ref].	117_3	-1
C	Should the minor be required to be held criminally liable	Youth violence rates in the United States have dropped to approximately 12% of peak rates in 1993 according to official US government statistics, suggesting that most juvenile offending is non-violent [ref].	30_1	-1
C	Should the minor be required to be held criminally liable	This is because most teens tend to offend by committing non-violent crimes, only once or a few times, and only during adolescence.	30_1	-1
C	Should the minor be required to be held criminally liable	When this happens, the offender often displays antisocial behavior even before reaching adolescence [ref].	30_1	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Indeed, colleges and universities have been selling the idea that a term overseas is an unparalleled chance for students to learn cross-cultural skills and pick up valuable credentials for the job market.	93_9	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Furthermore, foreign students are often segregated into their own living quarters, which undermines the ostensible goal of mingling with locals.	93_9	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Finally, the high cost of the programs may not pay off with increased marketable skills, given the findings of a 2008 survey by Michigan State University which showed that a majority of employers put little stock in the study-abroad experience.	93_9	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	By getting outside their comfort zone, students can experience personal and academic growth and they often seek out additional chances to live, study or work abroad, said advocates.	93_9	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Once students are on a foreign campus, emphasis on language skills is increasingly unusual, several studies since 2009 suggest.	93_9	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Students may also feel isolated from their local peers.	93_9	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	David C. Nice, of the University of Georgia, describes support for anti-abortion violence as a political weapon against women's rights, one that is associated with tolerance for violence toward women [ref].	118_6	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The Army of God published a Defensive Action Statement signed by more than two dozen supporters of Hill, saying that whatever force is legitimate to defend the life of a born child is legitimate to defend the life of an unborn child... if in fact Paul Hill did kill or wound abortionist John Britton and clinic assistants James Barrett and Mrs. Barrett, his actions are morally justified if they were necessary for the purpose of defending innocent human life [ref].	118_6	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	There are economic and environmental benefits of GM cotton to farmers in India [ref].	92_10	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	In the decades since the first genetically modified foods reached the market, no adverse health effects among consumers have been found.	92_10	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Although about 90 percent of scientists believe G.M.O.s are safe — a view endorsed by the American Medical Association, the National Academy of Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the World Health Organization — only slightly more than a third of consumers share this belief.	92_10	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	For example, an analysis of 76 studies published in February in Scientific Reports by researchers in Pisa, Italy, found that genetically engineered corn has a significantly higher yield than non-genetically modified varieties and contains lower amounts of toxins commonly produced by fungi.	92_10	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	In fact, animal health and growth efficiency actually improved on the genetically engineered feed, according to a 2014 review in the Journal of Animal Science.	92_10	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	They are toasting a constitutional court ruling last month that declared bullfighting part of Spain's national heritage, thus overturning a ban imposed by the region of Catalonia.	54_3	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Spaniards no longer identify with bullfights, but, on the contrary, they consider them to be grave cases of animal abuse, argues Ms Barquero.	54_3	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Joanna Swabe of HSI/Europe argues that taunting and killing bulls for entertainment is a brutal anachronism [which] deeply tarnishes the modern image that Spain wishes to promote.	54_3	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	While some say that naked marriage is a sign of true love amidst so much materialism, men are more willing than women to commit to it.	112_5	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Minimum wages have been justified on moral, social, and economic grounds.	86_9	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Critics counter that rather than improving welfare, minimum wages are counterproductive because they disrupt the market for labor.	86_9	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Second, even when minimum wage regulations are fully respected, additional earnings may face heavy social security and labor taxes, reducing the impact of an increase on take-home pay.	86_9	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Finally, employers may offset higher minimum wages by reducing benefits or hours or laying off workers to cut costs.	86_9	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	On the one hand, in competitive markets, if the minimum wage is enforced and raises wages above the prevailing levels, some companies will be unwilling to pay the higher wage and will lay off workers.	86_9	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	In this case, a minimum wage can raise the incomes of workers without reducing employment.	86_9	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Even so, there appears to be a growing consensus that when the minimum wage is set at a moderate level, the impact on employment is modestly negative.	86_9	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Recent research generally concludes that the change in employment caused by an increase in the minimum wage is close to zero, although more vulnerable groups, such as low-skilled and young workers, may be hurt.	86_9	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Another prime motivation for minimum wage policies is to reduce income inequality by improving the lot of those at the bottom of the wage distribution.	86_9	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Still, there are limits to what minimum wages can achieve.	86_9	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Judging students based solely on their GPA is clearly not a fair practice.	115_5	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Many people, including animal rights and animal welfare advocates, consider this a cruel, barbaric blood sport in which the bull suffers severe stress, and may ultimately end in a slow, torturous death [ref].	54_2	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It is an inhumane and outdated practice that continues to lose support, including from those living in the countries where this takes place such as Spain, Portugal and France [ref].	54_2	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting guide The Bulletpoint Bullfight warns that bullfighting is not for the squeamish, advising spectators to Be prepared for blood.	54_2	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	However, according to a trained zoologist, Jordi Casamitjana, the bulls do experience a high degree of suffering and all aspects of any bullfight, from the transport to the death, are in themselves causes of suffering [ref].	54_2	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Furthermore, bullfighting is the cultural activity which generates the most tax revenue for the Spanish state (€45 million in VAT and over €12 million in social security).	54_2	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Critics often claim that bullfighting is financed with public money.	54_2	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting has been seen as intertwined with religion and religious folklore in Spain at a popular level, particularly in the areas where it is most popular [ref].	54_2	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	State-run Spanish TVE had cancelled live coverage of bullfights in August 2007 until September 2012, claiming that the coverage was too violent for children who might be watching, and that live coverage violated a voluntary, industry-wide code attempting to limit sequences that are particularly crude or brutal [ref].	54_2	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	A television station in Costa Rica stopped the broadcast of bullfights in January 2008, on the grounds that they were too violent for minors [ref].	54_2	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	A growing list of Spanish and South American cities and regions have started to formally declare their celebrations of bullfighting part of their protected cultural patrimony.	54_2	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Though the bull is not killed as with traditional bullfighting, it is still intentionally irritated and provoked and its horns are shaved down to prevent injury to people and other animals present in the ring, but serious injuries still can and do occur and spectators are also at risk [ref].	54_2	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	Torture is guaranteed for dogs and cats.	97_10	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	It is about to eradicate poverty.	12_8	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Overall, global inequality is falling as globalisation advances.	12_8	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Restricting and controlling investments, as the paper suggests, will not spur growth but rather create impediments to it.	12_8	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	But the overall results is increased welfare and less poverty.	12_8	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Restricting trade and investments will only dampen growth worldwide, and it will be most hardly felt by the world’s poorest that will get fewer chances to lift themselves out of poverty.	12_8	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Our literature search yielded little evidence that generic drugs are less safe or less effective than their brand-name equivalents.	61_9	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Generic drugs typically cost 30% to 60% less than their brand-name counterparts,3 and widespread use of generics has the potential to reduce the price of other brand-name drugs by creating more competition.	61_9	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Another plus: Patients taking generic drugs appear to be more willing to continue therapy than those taking brand-name medications.4 Lower co-pays are a key factor.	61_9	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	It is important to note that many generic medications are produced under the license of the manufacturer of the original brand-name product, with the lower-cost equivalent often introduced after the drug’s patent has expired.	61_9	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Even when different manufacturers produce the branded product and the generic, strict standards exist to guarantee the quality of generic drugs.	61_9	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	For most patients taking most medications, generic drugs pose no problems, and provide an opportunity to obtain the same therapeutic benefit at a considerably lower cost.	61_9	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable power technologies can have significant environmental benefits.	47_12	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Other advantages include longer life than fuel-fired generation, low operating costs, and the provision of facilities for water sports.	47_12	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Overall, hydroelectric power can be less expensive than electricity generated from fossil fuels or nuclear energy, and areas with abundant hydroelectric power attract industry.	47_12	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	It uses a large amount of land, and fertilizers and pesticides may be necessary for cost-effective growth.	47_12	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	A modern wind farm, when installed on agricultural land, has one of the lowest environmental impacts of all energy sources:[28]	47_12	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	There are no emissions or pollution produced by its operation.	47_12	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Even though siting of wind energy plants are thoroughly reviewed before construction, they can be a cause of habitat loss.	47_12	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Wind turbines can impact the weather of its close vicinity, affecting temperature and rainfall [ref].	47_12	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Any (closed cycle) steam power plant requires cooling water for condensers; diversion of cooling water from natural sources, and its increased temperature when returned to streams or lakes, may have a significant impact on local ecosystems.	47_12	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Currently solar photovoltaic power is used primarily in Germany and Spain where the governments offer financial incentives.	47_12	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Lack of physical education is the inadequacy of the provision and effectiveness of exercise and physical activity within modern education.	42_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Outside of school, children often fail to engage in physical activity due to lack of physical literacy, inadequate sleep, the increasing attractiveness of rival pastimes such as video games, and parents that do not play their part.	42_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	An increase in sedentary lifestyle due to a lack of physical education at home and at school has many physical and psychological consequences on a child in the short and long term.	42_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	As exercise is known to improve well-being and reduce stress, physical inactivity is correlated with poor psychological health[22] such as an increase of major depression [ref].	42_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	A lack of physical activity is associated with poorer concentration and academic performance, particularly in mathematics and reading [ref].	42_2	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	A 2009 study at the University of Ulster found that having sisters, as compared to brothers, can enhance the quality of an adult's life [ref].	1_1	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The one child policy in China has contributed to the imbalanced sex ratios.	1_1	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	In China, the one child policy has contributed to the sex imbalance, while the dowry system in India is responsible for a strong son preference.	1_1	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	China's 'one child family' policy is considered largely responsible for the substantial imbalance of the sex ratio [ref].	1_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	However, in most cases, there is an attempt to find new revenue sources online that are less based on print sales.	9_11	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	There may be a percentage of readers that refuse to use the Internet and electronic screens, preferring hard copies.	9_11	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Some readers have too much screen time already, and enjoy going back to paper and ink at times.	9_11	-1
C	Should you block drug addicts?	Hence, the chairman explained, celebrities who commit unethical crimes and show no responsibility of being a “public figure” should not be allowed to keep influencing the audience.	55_3	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Death by Boxing	50_10	1
C	Should boxing be banned	At the end of the day, it is their choice, and boxing is a sport that many people enjoy to watch and participate in.	50_10	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	There will never be a full solution to stopping deaths in boxing – as there never will be in any other sport or many activities – whilst there’s still an element of human error, nothing will be foolproof.	50_10	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Whilst the sport of boxing involves many inherent health issues, some minor and some serious, it should not be disbanded as a sport altogether.	50_10	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	‘The ivory ban has made prices high and poaching lucrative’	63_2	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	The 2009 one-off commercial sale of 102 tonnes of stockpiled ivory generated more than $15m that benefitted elephant conservation and local communities.	63_2	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Rather, the restrictions under which this one-off sale was permitted might have triggered large-scale poaching of elephants.	63_2	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	In pure economic terms, limiting the supply of ivory can have negative consequences for elephant conservation.	63_2	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Supply reduction, by burning ivory stockpiles and implementing sale moratoria when demand for ivory remains unchanged, can drive prices up and escalate elephant poaching.	63_2	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Alternatively, in a dynamic economic model where demand and supply can change in response to legalisation, poaching may be worsened by legal ivory trade.	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	This makes it possible for illegal traders to supply more illegal ivory.	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	With the new influx of legal ivory, the Chinese government promoted the product, the Chinese media trumpeted the investment value of ivory, and a Chinese periodical noted that the one-time sale “stimulated new consumption instead of slowing down illegal ivory trades”.	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	As far as we can tell, the legal sale and the persisting legal markets caused elephant poaching rates to rise and stay high.	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	We can’t know all the intricacies of the ivory black market, but the evidence suggests that the legal sale of ivory in 2008 led to more poaching, not less.	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	This would break the chain linking legal and illegal markets, eliminate demand and stop the killing.	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	The largest of these sales to Japan and China in 2008 provoked a dramatic acceleration in elephant poaching across Africa (pdf).	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	A legal ivory trade cannot save elephants, now or ever.	63_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	As the saying goes: “Ivory belongs on elephants; in national heritage, not in markets or ornaments.”	63_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	American writer Nicholas Carr asserts that Internet use reduces the deep thinking that leads to true creativity.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Carr also states that the vast availability of information on the World Wide Web overwhelms the brain and hurts long-term memory.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Commentators have argued that the Sitaraman study shows that when humans get accustomed to a faster flow of information on the Internet, they become more impatient and have less tolerance for delays [ref].	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Computer scientist Ramesh Sitaraman has asserted that Internet users are impatient and are likely to get more impatient with time [ref].	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	), Nicholas Carr experientially asserts that using the Internet can lead to lower attention span and make it more difficult to read in the traditional sense (that is, read a book at length without mental interruptions).	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Research suggests that using the Internet helps boost brain power for middle-aged and older people[17] (research on younger people has not been done).	4_2	1
C	Should we promote social networks	One of the most widely debated effects of social networking has been its influence on productivity.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	He writes that they can destroy privacy, and notes that Insurance companies have accessed their patients’ Facebook accounts to try to disprove they have hard-to-verify health problems like depression; employers have checked social networking sites to vet future employees; university authorities have searched the web for photos of their students’ drinking or smoking pot.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	According to the New York Times, many scientists say that people's ability to focus is being undermined by bursts of information [ref].	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	People who are socially anxious are more likely to use electronic communication as their only means of communication.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	People become addicted or dependent on the Internet through excessive computer use that interferes with daily life.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Ease of access to the Internet can increase escapism in which a user uses the Internet as an escape from the perceived unpleasant or banal aspects of daily/real life.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	“We may stop ‘needing’ or craving real social interactions because they may become foreign to us,” Aboujaoude says [ref].	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	One of the main effects social media has had on children is the effect of cyber bullying.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	This leads to an increased risk of insomnia [ref].	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Screen time is affecting children in many ways, not only are children at an increased risk of insomnia but they're also at risk of having eye and health developing problems.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Health problems are also a big affects of the internet.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	In some cases, parents' internet addictions can have drastic effects on their children.	4_2	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	However, when the Internet is used as a social medium (either online gaming or social networking sites) there is a positive correlation between the use of the Internet and family conflicts.	4_2	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Pro-choice advocates argue that illegalization of abortion increases the incidence of unsafe abortions, as the availability of professional abortion services decreases, and leads to increased maternal mortality.	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The effect on crime of legalized abortion is a subject of controversy, with proponents of the theory generally arguing that unwanted children are more likely to become criminals and that an inverse correlation is observed between the availability of abortion and subsequent crime [ref].	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Economist George Akerlof has argued that the legalization of abortion in the United States contributed to a declining sense of paternal duty among biological fathers and to a decline in shotgun weddings, even when women chose childbirth over abortion, and thus to an increase rather than a decrease in the rate of children born to unwed mothers [ref].	118_3	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	A 2005 multidisciplinary systematic review in JAMA in the area of fetal development found that a fetus is unlikely to feel pain until after the sixth month of pregnancy [ref].	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The 2005 JAMA review concluded that data from dozens of medical reports and studies indicate that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy [ref].	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Other researchers such as Anand and Fisk have challenged the idea that pain cannot be felt before 26 weeks, positing instead that pain can be felt at around 20 weeks [ref].	118_3	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Page 20 of the report definitively states that the fetus cannot feel pain prior to week 24.	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Pro-life supporters argue that abortion is morally wrong on the basis that a fetus is an innocent human person[58] or because a fetus is a potential life that will, in most cases, develop into a fully functional human being [ref].	118_3	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Others reject this position by drawing a distinction between human being and human person, arguing that while the fetus is innocent and biologically human, it is not a person with a right to life [ref].	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Warren concludes that as the fetus satisfies only one criterion, consciousness (and this only after it becomes susceptible to pain) [ref], the fetus is not a person and abortion is therefore morally permissible.	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Warren concedes that infants are not persons by her proposed criteria [ref], and on that basis she and others, including the moral philosopher Peter Singer, conclude that infanticide could be morally acceptable under some circumstances (for example if the infant is severely disabled[71] or in order to save the lives of several other infants [ref].)	118_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	On this approach, a being essentially has a right to life if it has a natural capacity to develop the relevant psychological features; and, since human beings do have this natural capacity, they essentially have a right to life beginning at conception (or whenever they come into existence) [ref].	118_3	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	They argue that abortion is not permissible from the point at which individual human identity is realized.	118_3	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	In the U.S., under the provisions of the Animal Welfare Act and the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals (the Guide), published by the National Academy of Sciences, any procedure can be performed on an animal if it can be successfully argued that it is scientifically justified.	75_2	-1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	The OIG found that as a result, animals are not always receiving basic humane care and treatment and, in some cases, pain and distress are not minimized during and after experimental procedures.	75_2	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The increasing number of test-optional schools speaks to the growing distrust of standardized tests like the SAT and ACT — and of their capacity to predict students’ future academic success.	62_7	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	GW’s stated reason for adopting the policy is a desire to ensure that students with low test scores but strong academics would apply to and enroll in the unversity.	62_7	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Raising test scores and selectivity can help improve the reputation of an institution, as well.	62_7	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Further, test-optional policies are widely regarded positively in academic circles, so instituting these also helps to improve the reputation of a school.	62_7	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	As previously noted, the NACAC study shows that there is only a negligible difference in the performance of students who don’t submit test scores when compared with their test-submitting peers.	62_7	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The beauty of the test-optional solution is that it’s not getting rid of standardized tests; it’s allowing student who do well on the tests to submit them as a piece of supporting evidence, while allowing students who don’t perform well to be evaluated based on other factors, often including, at more selective schools, tests like the AP exams, which rely more heavily on essay-writing than on multiple-choice questions (though the latter still form a part of the AP exams, as well).	62_7	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Test-optional admissions help students who are weak at standardized tests but who are otherwise well-positioned to succeed in college.	62_7	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Life of bullfighting bull more decent than factory bull.	54_5	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	July 31st, 2010: Those who see bullfighting as cruel are, of course, right.	54_5	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting fosters an understanding of violent death.	54_5	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting is an indecent form of torture Jeremey Bentham, Theory of Legislation.	54_5	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bulls are usually not killed quickly, die in agony.	54_5	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	This can inflict some pain on the bull and can also make it more sensitive to other forms of pain during the fight.	54_5	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The Arctic should be saved for future generations	59_4	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Arctic	Such a policy will be beneficial to future generations both through making a greener economy and by leaving an emergency reserve of fossil fuel that can be used if necessary.	59_4	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The Arctic is a diverse but fragile ecosystem	59_4	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Encouraging physical activity in the young through compulsory PE fights child obesity and contributes to forming lifelong habits of exercise.	42_3	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Physical Education is an important part of holistic schooling.	42_3	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	The quest for national sporting achievement begins in schools.	42_3	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Without school support, sports will collapse.	42_3	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	If the opposition is correct about the heavy workload involved in schools, then students are that much more likely not to choose PE in an environment where it is voluntary, and the quality of our children’s health will be even worse.	42_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	However, recent research indicates that while high levels of student loan debt, coupled with high default rates, present a number of challenges for individual student loan borrowers and for the federal government (which must cover the defaults through taxes), they do not necessarily place a substantial burden on society at large [ref].	94_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	About one-third of students, whether or not they graduate or find jobs that match their credentials, are financially burdened for much of their lives by their debt obligations, instead of being economically productive citizens.	94_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	This rising student debt is contributing to the expanding wealth gap [ref].	94_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Student loans are also very dangerous because there is no way to get out from under them unless they are paid in full or the borrower dies.	94_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Even bankruptcy does not wipe away student loan debt, and borrowers must continue to pay the loans off for years after they have left school.	94_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	It’s no wonder many borrowers feel their student loans led to economic catastrophe [ref].	94_3	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	No laws in the United States require that donors or recipients exchange any information, identifying or otherwise.	104_5	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Others in the field seemed more concerned with protecting the privacy of the donors.	104_5	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	“It prevents all manner of complications and future headaches,” Broder continued.	104_5	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	For many of those children, trying to reach out to their anonymous sperm donor was an exercise in frustration.	104_5	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	“California Cryobank’s policy has always been to attempt to facilitate donor contact upon request of any 18-year-old offspring,” Scott Brown, vice president of communications for the bank, said.	104_5	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Unlike many infertile couples, these single mothers were hungry for openness because it provided community and family, Mattes says.	104_5	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Over time the adoption movement popularized the principle that individuals had a right to know their biological roots, and lesbian couples and single mothers, dominating ever more of the sperm banks’ market, called for greater transparency.	104_5	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	:262–263 Contemporary criticisms have echoed those arguments, claiming that patents block innovation and waste resources that could otherwise be used productively [ref], and also block access to an increasingly important commons of enabling technologies (a phenomenon called the tragedy of the anticommons) [ref], apply a one size fits all model to industries with differing needs [ref], that is especially unproductive for industries other than chemicals and pharmaceuticals and especially unproductive for the software industry [ref].	120_4	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	[Patents] projected an artificial idol of the single inventor, radically denigrated the role of the intellectual commons, and blocked a path to this commons for other citizens — citizens who were all, on this account, potential inventors too.	120_4	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Contemporary arguments have focused on ways that patents can slow innovation by: blocking researchers' and companies' access to basic, enabling technology, and particularly following the explosion of patent filings in the 1990s, through the creation of patent thickets; wasting productive time and resources fending off enforcement of low-quality patents that should not have existed, particularly by patent trolls; and wasting money on patent litigation.	120_4	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The most general argument against patents is that intellectual property in all its forms represents an effort to claim something that should not be owned, and harms society by slowing innovation and wasting resources [ref].	120_4	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Some have raised ethical objections specifically with respect to pharmaceutical patents and the high prices for medication that they enable their proprietors to charge, which poor people in the developed world, and developing world, cannot afford [ref].	120_4	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	They can help resolve issues regarding property and distribution of marital assets.	52_5	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Most prenuptial agreements protect all premarital assets.	52_5	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Signing a prenuptial agreement eliminates the possibility of future conflict in the case of divorce, as it states how issues are to be handled.	52_5	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	It can also help to reduce the amount of time that it takes to settle up the divorce.	52_5	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Prenuptial agreements can determine how liability for debt will be distributed between the parties to avoid both spouses sharing debt liability.	52_5	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Makes divorce settlements easier.	52_5	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	A prenuptial agreement can help avoid extended court proceedings, which result in the time of expensive divorce attorneys, since the expectations by both partners is clear.	52_5	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Many feel that even bringing up the idea of a prenuptial agreement means there is a lack of trust.	52_5	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Some feel that a prenuptial agreement leaves the couple more open to the possibility of divorce.	52_5	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Arthur Caplan, the director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania, expressed concerns that many dead and sick children could result from the cloning of human beings [ref].	44_5	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Scientists knew that many cloned animals suffer arthritis and ailments with the lungs and liver, and they were concerned that too many unanswered questions surround the prospect of cloning of humans safely.	44_5	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	Underground Nuclear Storage is Safe	69_3	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	If this is the case, then a leak’s harm would be limited to the layers of sediment nearby which would be unaffected by radiation.	69_3	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	As such, underground storage is safer both directly and indirectly [ref].	69_3	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	As well as this, underground storage also prevents nuclear waste or nuclear radiation from reaching other states and as such, results in greater safety across borders [ref].	69_3	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	Underground Nuclear Storage is Expensive.	69_3	-1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	Underground nuclear storage is expensive.	69_3	-1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	This is because the deep geological repositories needed to deal with such waste are difficult to construct.	69_3	-1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	There Are Better Alternatives to Underground Nuclear Waste Storage	69_3	-1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	As such it seems logical that in most western liberal democracies that are able to reach the same level of technological progress as France, it makes more sense to store nuclear waste above ground.	69_3	-1
C	Should suicide be classified as a criminal offence	There is evidence of military failures requiring suicide as a better option than court martial, for example in the Winter War and at the Battle of Stalingrad.	111_7	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Multiculturalism is important because it dilutes and dissipates the divisiveness of ignorance.	117_10	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Multiculturalism makes the ideal and altruistic notion of loving our fellow man a tangible possibility, rather than a nebulous philosophical concept.	117_10	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	As a species, we are handcuffed by our own cultural myopia if we eschew philosophical, ideological or spiritual knowledge of our fellow man.	117_10	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	No doubt, some of us feel a sense of lost ethnic identity as the cultural representation within our community becomes more and more diverse, but humans are migratory animals.	117_10	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	By forcing children to take a physical education class, we are forcing children to learn healthy life skills, which is something beneficial to everyone.	42_9	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	class is a colossal waste of resources.	42_9	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	PE is a complete waste of time.	42_9	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	According to euthanasia opponent Ezekiel Emanuel, proponents of euthanasia have presented four main arguments: a) that people have a right to self-determination, and thus should be allowed to choose their own fate; b) assisting a subject to die might be a better choice than requiring that they continue to suffer; c) the distinction between passive euthanasia, which is often permitted, and active euthanasia, which is not substantive (or that the underlying principle–the doctrine of double effect–is unreasonable or unsound); and d) permitting euthanasia will not necessarily lead to unacceptable consequences.	32_6	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Similarly, Emanuel argues that there are four major arguments presented by opponents of euthanasia: a) not all deaths are painful; b) alternatives, such as cessation of active treatment, combined with the use of effective pain relief, are available; c) the distinction between active and passive euthanasia is morally significant; and d) legalising euthanasia will place society on a slippery slope [ref], which will lead to unacceptable consequences [ref].	32_6	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	A 2015 Populus poll in the United Kingdom found broad public support for assisted dying.	32_6	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	One concern is that euthanasia might undermine filial responsibility [ref].	32_6	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing is a dangerous sport.	50_5	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Unlike most other sports, its basic intent is to produce bodily harm in the opponent.	50_5	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing can result in death and produces an alarming incidence of chronic brain injury.	50_5	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing is indeed risky, but the risks are perhaps comparable to other activities and sports.	50_5	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	What appears to separate boxing from other activities that involve substantial risk of harm is that in boxing there is an intention to harm – to render the other person unconscious.	50_5	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Urbanization is not merely a modern phenomenon, but a rapid and historic transformation of human social roots on a global scale, whereby predominantly rural culture is being rapidly replaced by predominantly urban culture.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Living in a city can be culturally and economically beneficial since it can provide greater opportunities for access to the labor market, better education, housing, and safety conditions, and reduce the time and expense of commuting and transportation.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	However, in Thailand, urbanization has also resulted in massive increases in problems such as obesity.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Urban areas are also far more prone to violence, drugs, and other urban social problems.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Varied and high-quality educational opportunities are another factor in urban migration, as well as the opportunity to join, develop, and seek out social communities.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Urbanization also creates opportunities for women that are not available in rural areas.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	For example, Eric Hobsbawm's book The age of revolution: 1789–1848 (published 1962 and 2005) chapter 11, stated Urban development in our period [1789–1848] was a gigantic process of class segregation, which pushed the new labouring poor into great morasses of misery outside the centres of government, business, and the newly specialized residential areas of the bourgeoisie.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Similar problems now affect the developing world, rising inequality resulting from rapid urbanization trends.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The drive for rapid urban growth and often efficiency can lead to less equitable urban development.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	In his book Whole Earth Discipline, Stewart Brand argues that the effects of urbanization are primarily positive for the environment.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Urbanization may improve environmental quality as a result of numerous reasons.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	For instance, urbanization upsurges income levels which instigates the eco-friendly services sector and increases demand for green and environmentally compliant products.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Furthermore, urbanization improves environmental eminence through superior facilities and better-quality living standards in urban areas as compared to rural areas.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Lastly, urbanization curbs pollution emissions by increasing R&D and innovations [ref].	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The mix of changing environmental conditions and the growing population of urban regions, according to UN experts, will strain basic sanitation systems and health care, and potentially cause a humanitarian and environmental disaster [ref].	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Urbanization can have a large effect on biodiversity by causing a division of habitats and thereby alienation of species, a process known as habitat fragmentation [ref].	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	When cities don’t plan for increases in population it drives up house and land prices, creating rich (ghettos) and poor ghettos.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Rapid urbanization has led to increased mortality from non-communicable diseases associated with lifestyle, including cancer and heart disease [ref].	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	While urbanization is associated with improvements in public hygiene, sanitation and access to health care, it also entails changes in occupational, dietary, and exercise patterns [ref].	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Historically crime and urbanization have gone hand in hand.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Although urbanization tends to produce more negative effects, one positive effect that urbanization has impacted is an increase in physical activity in comparison to rural areas.	18_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	At the macro, social group level, changes related to urbanization are thought to contribute to social disintegration and disorganization.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Increased stress is a common individual psychological stressor that accompanies urbanization and is thought to be due to perceived insecurity.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Changes in social organization, a consequence of urbanization, are thought to lead to reduced social support, increased violence, and overcrowding.	18_1	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	It is the combination of urbanization with physical and social risk factors that contribute to mental health problems.	18_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Video games are often seen as a possible cause to violent actions, notably in the aftermath of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre, but academic studies have yet to identify any direct evidence between depictions of violence in video games and violent behavior; the American Psychological Association's official stance on video games issued in 2015 stated that Scant evidence has emerged that makes any causal or correlational connection between playing violent video games and actually committing violent activities [ref].	14_6	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Within the United States, the issues of video game sales regulation led to both the formation of the Entertainment Software Rating Board in 1994 [ref], and the 2011 Supreme Court of the United States landmark case Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association that ruled that video games are a protected class of free speech and blocking legislation on such sales restrictions [ref].	14_6	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Jack Thompson, an activist, filed lawsuits against the makers of violent games, alleging that simulated violence causes real-world violence.	14_6	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	They report there is a scientifically non-significant trend showing that adolescents who do not play video games at all are most at risk for violent behavior and video game play is part of an adolescent boy's normal social setting.	14_6	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Video games, particularly violent ones, are often mentioned as a cause for major gun crimes in the wake of school shooting by young adults.	14_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccination policy involves complicated ethical issues, as unvaccinated individuals are more likely to contract and spread disease to people with weaker immune systems, such as young children and the elderly, and to other individuals in whom the vaccine has not been effective.	70_11	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	However, mandatory vaccination policies raise ethical issues regarding parental rights and informed consent [ref].	70_11	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Medical ethicist Arthur Caplan argues that children have a right to the best available medical care, including vaccines, regardless of parental feelings toward vaccines, saying Arguments about medical freedom and choice are at odds with the human and constitutional rights of children.	70_11	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	When parents won’t protect them, governments must [ref].	70_11	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	“At the elite levels, undergrads believe that the campus experience is critical,” Paucek said.	8_11	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	There is evidence elsewhere, too, that online education is increasing access to higher education, at least among master’s degrees.	8_11	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Another reason for the growing legitimacy of online education, especially among master’s programs, is that more college graduates today have experience taking virtual courses compared to previous generations.	8_11	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	The bill has already passed New York's State Senate, but it encountered opposition in the Assembly, where some members have ethical concerns about the practice of paying women to be pregnant.	114_8	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	I find that commodification of women troubling, said Deborah Glick, who in 1991 became the first openly gay member of New York's legislature.	114_8	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Commercial surrogacy exploits women, and treats children as market commodities.	114_8	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	In Cohen's mind, gay men deserve the right to hire gestational carriers, without whom they may never experience the joy of cuddling their genetic offspring.	114_8	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	The ethical complications are obvious, and some nations that have experimented with commercial surrogacy eventually decided that it wasn't worth the money.	114_8	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	As a business venture, this effort was wildly successful, but the Indians eventually decided that the practice was simply too exploitative.	114_8	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Instead of demanding an explanation for New York's restrictive surrogacy laws, we should probably be asking why other states are willing to tolerate a practice that most Western nations have deemed exploitative and demeaning to women.	114_8	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Commercial surrogacy, in short, is not about selflessness.	114_8	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	There is some evidence indicating that exposure to television violence[12][13] and, to a lesser extent, violent video games[14] is related to increased aggressiveness in children, which, in turn, may carry over into school.	14_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	India's medical research watchdog drafted regulations more than two years ago, yet they still await presentation in parliament, leaving the surrogates and baby factories open to abuse [ref].	114_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Persis Yu, director of the Student Loan Borrower Assistance Project at the National Consumer Law Center, said the current level of student debt was too high, even with the slowed growth.	94_9	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	As state spending has begun to recover, the student debt picture has brightened.	94_9	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Debbie Cochrane, executive vice president of the institute, said that while the slower growth in student debt was encouraging, millions of borrowers continued to struggle to pay their student loans.	94_9	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	A quarter of federal direct loan borrowers were either delinquent or in default at the end of 2018, the report said.	94_9	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	The share of recent borrowers in default, however, continues to decline, the Education Department reported this week.	94_9	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	For students from lower-income families, some college debt is often a reality, said Laura Keane, chief policy officer of the nonprofit uAspire, which works with students and high school advisers to help students make affordable choices about where to attend.	94_9	-1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	Since then, Taobao Mall has established itself as an online gateway for leading local and global brands to reach out to the growing Chinese consumer base as well as the destination for domestic online shoppers to purchase quality, brand name goods.	109_4	1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	With large sets of data points, marketers are able to create and utilize more customized segments of consumers for more strategic targeting.	29_10	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Yes, online dating can be deeply demoralizing, a parade of indignities that throws into relief not just our self-absorption and banality, but our nihilism too.	106_5	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	This power generates a commodity that can exploit tons of cash for potential host cities.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Facilities have the possibility to increase sport opportunities to the general public or specialized training opportunities for elite athletes.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The unseen costs of environmental impact may add to the expense and give the public another item to consider.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Over building in relation to the demand after the Games can add to expenses that may not be recovered easily.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The notion of building one or more stadiums to start new infrastructure plans and create jobs may be a false assumption.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Even though infrastructure may contribute to some long term economic gains increasing property values, the negative effect of rising rental prices may affect the poor while benefiting the middle to upper classes.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	New construction and improvements to existing structures adds debt that cuts into the net benefits, especially if the bids become competitive and cause the cities to over promise.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Infrastructure, either new or improved, seems to create the greatest impact on the host city lowering uncertainty and increasing opportunity for international trade and capital investments.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Local residents and businesses may not benefit as much as expectations due to an influx of external businesses that work within the Olympic economic system.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	When cities met the criteria of models that addressed population and economic growth, results of the study showed that host cities had greater success with achieving a positive Olympic legacy.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Considering that most workers that build the stadiums come from outside the local area, the economic benefit to the local economy is overstated with some economists saying there is no correlation to economic development.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	In addition to any monetary benefits that China hoped to gain, displaying their democratic and civil advancements of their society was very attractive.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Similarly to Beijing, other countries believe that the international exposure will increase trade and promote public relations.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The liberalization and open export are attractive features gained from Olympic bids.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The proponents for hosting the Games believe that even if the expenses outweigh the profits, the intangible feelings that a citizen gains will create a greater sense of pride and good will (7).	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Global visibility of host cities appears to significantly stimulate exporting of goods around the world.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	No matter how the data are manipulated, countries that host the Olympic Games show stronger trade results than other countries.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Leeds (6) discovered that there is significant spillover of economic impact when hosting the Games.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Surrounding cities stand to enjoy an economic boom just like the host city.	3_11	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The return on investment is risky, and the additional costs for security for such an event is scary.	3_11	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The process is very competitive; however, as research has shown, a bidding city also benefits from economic impact and international recognition.	3_11	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In their love philosophy, it is pure love that can stand the test of time and be the bedrock of a successful marital combination.	112_1	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In this materialistic society, it is common that the masses deem a stable economic condition a crucial factor of marriage.	112_1	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	As supporters of Naked Marriage argue, it is the joint effort of life partners that constitute the most precious element of marriage [ref].	112_1	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In traditional values, a couple can only get married when there is an economic precondition [ref].	112_1	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	Young couples choosing Naked Marriage appear Utopian since they are firmly convinced of love, which pertains to spiritual comfort, rather than economic and often materialistic foundations [ref].	112_1	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	However, some critics think that their lack of material basis may exacerbate stress and other relationship-related problems over time, leading to diminishing romantic feelings.	112_1	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	While a naked marriage might be today's answer to the rising costs of living in China's bigger cities, some also say it is wrong to base a marriage on material goods in the first place.	112_1	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Another benefit of reality shows is that it gives a chance to people to show their unique talent as reality shows are watched by millions of viewers on television and if you have unique talent than these shows provide you that platform to showcase your talent to the whole world and become famous.	100_10	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality shows can be motivating also because once you see a normal person like you become a celebrity than you also get motivated to use and show your talent to the whole world through reality shows.	100_10	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	The biggest disadvantage of reality shows is that majority of these shows cannot be watched in front of young kids as the majority of reality show contain objectionable and vulgar content and if kids are exposed to such shows that it will be damaging to their future.	100_10	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	In simple words, some of the reality shows go beyond what is right and they will go to any extent in order to gain popularity among audiences.	100_10	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Sometimes these shows can be too demanding on the contestants of the shows, especially those shows which involve kids as contestants.	100_10	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Advocates of legalizing the purchase of goods sold in black markets argue that allowing legal trade will displace illegal buying and selling, reduce criminal activity, and permit greater control of the previously illegal goods.	63_10	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	The researchers conclude that the legal sale of ivory triggered an increase in black market ivory production by increasing consumer demand and/or reducing the cost of supplying black market ivory.	63_10	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Kids should be in school till they are 18 Education is Essential to be able to live meaningfully.	124_4	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Students should stay in school till 18 Making school attendance required til 18 will lower the amount of people who regret not finishing high school.	124_4	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Kids shouldn't be forced to do what they don't wanna, so they shouldn't stay in school forever either.	124_4	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	It becomes to much and a waste of money.	124_4	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms in schools: it’s a human right	64_8	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	If we are to curb high rates of HIV infections and pregnancy in schools, condoms must be accessible.	64_8	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	While the potential of the proposed policy is significant, it suffers from a fundamental flaw: government’s failure to frame the policy in a way that recognises that effective access to condoms in schools is a basic human right.	64_8	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	This is important, as attempts to restrict the age at which learners can access condoms may be detrimental to combatting the spread of HIV.	64_8	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Many object to condom distribution policies, claiming they cause learners to be more sexually active or enable learners, who would not otherwise consider becoming sexually active, to engage in sex earlier than they would have.	64_8	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Access to condoms in schools is learners’ right and ensuring this is our responsibility.	64_8	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Grades do not always represent a person’s intelligence, according to many students and teachers, because many other factors determine the outcome of a letter grade.	115_6	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Many teachers agree that grades are often a result of laziness rather than academic capability.	115_6	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Grades in high school do not always correlate to future success of full potential.	115_6	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	A GPA, then, only indicates how well you performed relative to the other members of your class.	115_6	-1
C	Should we support family education	In the long run, students will be at a disadvantage if they go to college.	72_14	-1
C	Should we support family education	This does not provide the amount of social exposure that maturing children need.	72_14	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschool students will not have the same access to certain benefits that their public school counterparts do.	72_14	-1
C	Should we support family education	In addition to the additional financial burden of home schooling, another disadvantage of home schooling involves the development of social skills.	72_14	-1
C	Should we support family education	This is not necessarily a problem for most families, but it takes more effort for home schooling parents to be diligent in making sure their children have ample opportunities to be with other children.	72_14	-1
C	Should we support family education	A disadvantage to this, however, is that some of these groups can be costly.	72_14	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Print newspapers are dying faster than you think	9_5	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Instead, over the past six years the opposite has happened: Newspaper advertising revenues have continued to deteriorate even as the economy booms.	9_5	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	At the same time, an increasingly competitive ad market is making it harder and harder for newspapers to charge premium rates.	9_5	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	And so newspaper ad revenue is likely to decline even more rapidly than its audience does.	9_5	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Of course, the people who run newspapers have known that this challenge was coming for a decade or more, and virtually all of them know that a transition to the internet is essential for their long-term survival.	9_5	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Grades are not about student’s logical thinking, reasoning or intellect, but a combination of the pupil’s overall understanding of the lessons and the teacher’s perspective and judgement.	115_7	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Also, good grades can be acquired through cheating.	115_7	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Memorize geography and the parts of a shovel all you want, but yes, you can have soaring grades even if you don’t actually know how to dig your way out through your problems.	115_7	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Grades can help you realize things or show how diligent or lazy you are, how much you put your effort into things, but grades can never define your intelligence.	115_7	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	According to Research, School Grades Don’t Measure Intelligence	115_7	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	While grades don’t show how smart someone is, they still play a huge factor in many aspects of a person’s life, such as what colleges they can get into and what their GPA is.	115_7	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	However, grades have nothing to do with how smart a person is.	115_7	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Because children do not have fully developed mental faculties yet, and may not clearly separate fantasy from reality, exposure to violent games can have a large impact upon children.	14_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Violent Video Games Cause Social Interaction Problems	14_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Video games of a violent nature tend to fail to offer many solutions to a problem.	14_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	This can lead to increases in aggression among players.	14_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Violent Video Games cause Violent Behaviour	14_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	If this is the case, then a person who visits violence upon another person within a game universe feels the same emotions as someone who does so within real life, and therefore may be desensitised to real-life violence.	14_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Given that this is true, people who play video games become more able to harm others or less likely to intervene to prevent harm.	14_1	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Further, numerous researchers have proposed potential positive effects of video games on aspects of social and cognitive development and psychological well-being.	14_1	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Video games also promote the development of intellectual skills such as planning and problem-solving, and social games may improve the social capabilities of the individual [ref].	14_1	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Given then that video games provide these benefits, banning violent games would harm the industry overall, causing many of the developers of other games which encourage these kinds of skills to lose their funding from game publishers.	14_1	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Violent Video Games Prevent Violent Behaviour	14_1	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	That could create even greater levels of student debt.	94_7	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	So there are plenty of potential pitfalls in all this.	94_7	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	The view that animals have moral rights (animal rights) is a philosophical position proposed by Tom Regan, among others, who argues that animals are beings with beliefs and desires, and as such are the subjects of a life with moral value and therefore moral rights [ref].	75_7	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	In contrast, an abolitionist view in animal rights holds that there is no moral justification for any harmful research on animals that is not to the benefit of the individual animal [ref].	75_7	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Systematic reviews have pointed out that animal testing often fails to accurately mirror outcomes in humans [ref].	75_7	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Currently, all new pharmaceuticals undergo rigorous animal testing before being licensed for human use.	75_6	-1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Alternatives to the use of animals in classroom dissections are widely used, with many U.S. States and school districts mandating students be offered the choice to not dissect [ref].	75_6	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Animals are used by the military to develop weapons, vaccines, battlefield surgical techniques, and defensive clothing [ref].	75_6	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Students focus on grades at the expense of acquiring useful skills.	115_3	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Then, a year after that, in 2011, the Young Enterprise charity commissioned a survey which found that three in four corporate chiefs believed graduate skills were poor.	115_3	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	The British Chambers of Commerce also said yesterday, again after lauding this year’s crop: “Despite strong academic results, youth unemployment remains persistently high, and action must be taken to ensure young people are attractive candidates to employers looking to hire.	115_3	-1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Import competition has caused a de facto ‘race-to-the-bottom’ where countries lower environmental regulations to secure a competitive edge for their industries relative to other countries.	51_7	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Localization, the process of manufacturing products for the local market, is an approach to keeping some manufacturing offshore and bringing some of it back.	51_7	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Many of these costs have to do with the fact that study abroad programs have changed in format and purpose over time, and the ways in which they have changed have not been beneficial for the students.	93_10	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	They can have an enormous impact on students’ perspective and career path, and there is an enormous amount of social capital to be gained by networking throughout your program, but these opportunities have to be taken advantage of.	93_10	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Today, study abroad programs advertise cross-cultural communication skills that are extremely beneficial to students entering an increasingly globalized world.	93_10	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Opinion: Studying abroad is not worth it	93_10	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	First off, studying abroad is expensive and doesn’t offer all the classes some may need to take for their major, therefore setting you back in school time.	93_10	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	The rate of erosion occurs from deforestation, because it decreases the amount of litter cover, which provides protection from surface runoff [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Due to deforestation, the removal of trees causes sloped lands to be more susceptible to landslides [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Deforestation on a human scale results in decline in biodiversity [ref], and on a natural global scale is known to cause the extinction of many species [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	The removal or destruction of areas of forest cover has resulted in a degraded environment with reduced biodiversity [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	With forest biotopes being irreplaceable source of new drugs (such as taxol), deforestation can destroy genetic variations (such as crop resistance) irretrievably [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	A study in Rondônia, Brazil, has shown that deforestation also removes the microbial community which is involved in the recycling of nutrients, the production of clean water and the removal of pollutants [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Others state that tropical rainforest deforestation is contributing to the ongoing Holocene mass extinction [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Most predictions of forestry related biodiversity loss are based on species-area models, with an underlying assumption that as the forest declines species diversity will decline similarly [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	However, many such models have been proven to be wrong and loss of habitat does not necessarily lead to large scale loss of species [ref].	123_4	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Damage to forests and other aspects of nature could halve living standards for the world's poor and reduce global GDP by about 7% by 2050, a report concluded at the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) meeting in Bonn in 2008 [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Historically, utilization of forest products, including timber and fuel wood, has played a key role in human societies, comparable to the roles of water and cultivable land.	123_4	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	The new procedures to get amounts of wood are causing more harm to the economy and overpower the amount of money spent by people employed in logging [ref].	123_4	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Underlying this story is the idea that society should be tolerant and accepting and respect the right of every person to be themselves.	20_2	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The whales survive in a fragile ecosystem but below the waters in which they fish, deep beneath the seabed, lie valuable resources which could feed mankind's hunger for energy.	59_7	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Another accusation is that producers selectively edit material in order to give the false impression of certain emotional reactions or statements from the castmates [ref].	100_4	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	There is a larger conception that it has become increasingly superficial with respect to the drama and angst depicted on the part of cast members.	100_4	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Language education may take place as a general school subject or in a specialized language school.	27_7	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They are a way to promote societal connections.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	These events bring people together who are passionate about the same things, building bridges between cultures and societies with their mutual love of pageantry.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	It is a way to enjoy some healthy competition, promote good causes, and learn about one another.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They are a way to encourage self-discipline.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Talents and gifts are celebrated while charitable causes are promoted.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They are a way for today’s youth to find new opportunities.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Large pageants may offer sponsorship opportunities, an annual salary, or additional career-building options that allow participants to carve out their own path in life.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They encourage self-confidence.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They encourage personal self-confidence, wanting competitors to get to know their true selves.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They promote local economic opportunities.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They encourage charitable work.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Contestants often promote their own charitable causes when they’re active in the world of beauty pageants too.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They encourage healthy competition.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Through these lessons, sportsmanship is practiced, success is celebrated, and there is encouragement offered readily.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They promote friendships.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They help competitors overcome issues with shyness.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They promote self-discovery.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They can lead to other paying jobs.	87_2	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They offer a chance to connect to personal spiritual practices.	87_2	-1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	At the same time, taobao launched this year focus on B2C mall, it will play a more and more important role in the whole Chinese economy in the future .	109_3	1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	The electronic commerce will significantly help enterprises to reduce the cost of sales - this is for the small and medium-sized industrial clusters provides in severe economic of a new survival may be.	109_3	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Therefore, animal experimentation should be stopped because it violates the rights of animals.	17_2	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Next, the pain and suffering that experimental animals are subject to is not worth any possible benefits to humans.	17_2	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Thus, because animals are subjected to agonizing pain, suffering and death when they are used in laboratory and cosmetics testing, animal research must be stopped to prevent more waste of animal life.	17_2	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Finally, the testing of products on animals is completely unnecessary because viable alternatives are available.	17_2	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Sheila Silcock, a research consultant for the RSPCA, states: Animals may themselves be the beneficiaries of animal experiments.	17_2	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Therefore, animals' lives should be respected because they have an inherent right to be treated with dignity.	17_2	1
C	Should we support the universal language	Along with these languages will disappear unique history, culture, perspective, and identity.	13_1	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	While this may seem like a step in the right direction, the overwhelming public opinion says otherwise, arguing that beauty pageants are sexist because of the burdensome expectations they impose on women to be “gorgeous, intelligent, and poised.” These critics often target the evening gown and swimsuit competition as the basis of their claims, as those parts of the competition are based solely on physical appearance.	87_8	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Competing in our pageant also served as a valuable opportunity to practice poise, talent, etc.	87_8	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Aside from the supportive female community, I discovered that the most positive impact of pageantry was the newfound confidence it gave me.	87_8	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	While competing in these competitions may seem innocent enough when girls are young, as years pass, competitions become increasingly focused on unrealistic physical beauty standards that can damage a girl’s self-image and confidence.	87_8	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They evaluate participants based solely upon physical “beauty” and reduce these women’s unique and individually remarkable features to nothing more than a series of numbers on a scale.	87_8	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	* The novelist and nonfiction writer spends almost eight pages of this month's Harper's Magazine making the case that compulsory algebra courses in American education are at best, wrongheaded, and at worst, downright cruel.	53_3	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Many of today's math requirements are relics of the Cold War.If we would just do away with upper-level math requirements in high school, the high school dropout rate would decline, both writers argue, as many educators say algebra is the major academic reason for dropping out.	53_3	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	As Duncan pointed out in a speech in 2011, high school students who finish Algebra II are twice as likely to earn a college degree.	53_3	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The vast majority of the human race, and the vast majority of the college-educated human race never need any mathematics beyond arithmetic to survive successfully, Baker quotes number theorist Underwood Dudley as writing in a 1987 issue of The American Mathematical Monthly.	53_3	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	If math were an elective, American science and technology would be unharmed, and a lot of poisonous math hatred would go away instantly.	53_3	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing is a very dangerous sport.	50_6	1
C	Should boxing be banned	The aim of boxing is to hurt the other man, and above all to knock him out.	50_6	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing exploits young men (and sometimes women now).	50_6	1
C	Should boxing be banned	In boxing the injuries are the point of the sport and they are much more serious.	50_6	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing makes violence look cool.	50_6	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Fighting often breaks out at publicity events, or even in the audience.	50_6	1
C	Should boxing be banned	A body of medical evidence is building up to suggest that even if a boxer survives individual bouts relatively unmarked, the cumulative effect of a career in boxing can lead to a greater susceptibility to diseases such as Parkinson’s.	50_6	1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	In the United States, sports physicians, including Ziegler, and medical texts were still widely proclaiming that anabolic steroids were ineffective in helping athletes gain muscle.	23_8	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	The package insert for Dianabol, a common anabolic steroid used at the time, stated, Anabolic steroids do not enhance athletic ability [ref].	23_8	-1
C	Should you ask for free university education	They promote an absolute openness in the dissemination of education, eliminating barriers including, but not limited to, cost and access to free and relevant resources [ref].	26_2	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Although today's admission rate is much higher than in 1977, 1978 and before the 1990s, it is still fairly low compared to the availability of higher education in the Western world.	62_1	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Consequently, the examination is highly competitive, and the prospective examinees and their parents experience enormous pressure.	62_1	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	However, provincial governments have to increase budget on education in order to offset the declining credibility of the exam caused by lack of experienced proposition experts and management personnel, which will, more or less, cause a repetitive investment in Human Resources, finance or material.	62_1	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	As the advanced educational resources (number and quality of universities) are distributed unevenly across China, it is argued that people are being discriminated against during the admission process based on their geographic region.	62_1	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	In recent years, varied admission standards have led some families to relocate for the sole purpose of advancing their children's chances of entering university [ref].	62_1	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	One of the disadvantages of this method is the lack of focus on teaching critical thinking and ignoring students' emotions, values and personalities.	62_1	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Testing pressure, for some critics, has been linked to faintings, increased drop out rates, and even increasing rates of teenage clinical depression and suicide in China.	62_1	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Critics of globalization argue that globalization results in weak labor unions: the surplus in cheap labor coupled with an ever-growing number of companies in transition weakened labor unions in high-cost areas.	12_4	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In 2016, a study published by the IMF posited that neoliberalism, the ideological backbone of contemporary globalized capitalism, has been oversold, with the benefits of neoliberal policies being fairly difficult to establish when looking at a broad group of countries and the costs, most significantly higher income inequality within nations, hurt the level and sustainability of growth [ref].	12_4	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	One critique of globalization is that natural resources of the poor have been systematically taken over by the rich and the pollution promulgated by the rich is systematically dumped on the poor [ref].	12_4	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization is thus leading to a type of environmental apartheid [ref].	12_4	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In her book Ancient Futures, Norberg-Hodge claims that centuries of ecological balance and social harmony are under threat from the pressures of development and globalization.	12_4	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	She also criticizes the standardization and rationalization of globalization, as it does not always yield the expected growth outcomes.	12_4	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Although globalization takes similar steps in most countries, scholars such as Hodge claim that it might not be effective to certain countries and that globalization has actually moved some countries backward instead of developing them [ref].	12_4	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	This improvement causes an increase in the world's food supply which encourages improved food security [ref].	12_4	1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	A district judge in Londonderry has warned professional street beggars are taking advantage of the generous and good nature of the local people in this community.	110_8	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	These people are doing a great disservice to people who are genuinely homeless.	110_8	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	They are simply a professional group coming here to street beg and to take advantage of the generous and good nature of the local people in this community.	110_8	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	Second, there is no guarantee that the beggar who receives the money will spend it in ways that increase the quality of his life.	110_8	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	What is decisive is the fact that if you give money to beggars, you almost certainly spend your welfare budget helping the wrong people.	110_8	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	The vast majority of beggars living in the developed world, moreover, have a quality of life that millions in the developing world can only dream of.	110_8	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	True as that might be, it is also true that you waste your money if you give it to a beggar.	110_8	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Real name systems aim to minimize the amount of negative information published on the Internet and encourage netizens to be responsible for their online behavior.	56_1	1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	The system does not seem to have been beneficial to the public.	56_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The other factors influencing migration of people from rural provincial areas to large cities are more employment, education, and business opportunities, and higher standard of living.	18_8	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Migration created many opportunities for both women and men to extricate themselves from their current rural status and create a new name for themselves and their family.	18_8	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Thirdly, migration enabled the rural youth to become wage earners, consumers and city-dwellers which allowed them to become more globalized and mobile than they would have within their own respective villages.	18_8	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Even though traveling to a larger city with more opportunities appeared beneficial, in many instances migrants were treated harshly and viewed as second class citizens.	18_8	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	In response, In the mid 1980s in China, in order to control migration rates, transient workers were required to carry personal identity cards, employment registration card, and a certificate of good health which often had high fees due to corruption and were many times denied by the Hukou system[1][69] At the time, migrants were seen as a nuisance to society and needed to be kept in check.	18_8	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	In the novel Out to work, Migration, Gender, and the Changing Lives of Rural Women in Contemporary China, Gaetano explained how “Migrants were finally recognized to be critical in narrowing the rural-urban income gap, as they redistribute wealth through remittances and apply new knowledge and skills to develop rural areas” [ref].	18_8	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The limited access of migrant workers to social insurance highlights their vulnerability [ref].	18_8	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Additionally, migrant workers in China are generally excluded from the social services their local neighbors enjoy; migrant workers’ basic needs for housing, social security, and education for their children are not protected by the local government [ref].	18_8	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The floating population of Chinese migrant workers presents major public health challenges, especially in the provision of reproductive health care for migrant women and the need to address the increased risk to both sexes of infection with sexually transmitted diseases and HIV [ref].	18_8	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Despite this, migration still creates a negative effect on public health due to the lack of affordable health care [ref].	18_8	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Despite the disadvantages faced by female migrants in China, some research such as that conducted with data from Hubei Province demonstrates that migration has enabled women to benefit from economic opportunities and provided them with a degree of freedom that was not possible at their places of origin [ref].	18_8	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	According to a research conducted by Zai Liang and Yiu Por Chen and published in the journal Social Science Research, migration usually has negative consequences for children's schooling because of the loss of social capital in schools, neighborhood, and community of origin [ref].	18_8	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	A large portion of migrant children are still excluded from the urban public education system [ref].	18_8	1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	His mea culpa, “Biodiversity conservation is urgent and important,  now and in the future“, appears on his GWU lab page, and pretty much takes back what he said in the Post—well, sorta.	122_7	1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Pyron’s argument is simple: extinction has been going on ever since the beginning of life, 99% or more of species that ever existed have gone extinct without leaving descendants, and even more have evolved into something very different; there have been lots of “natural” extinctions due to changes in earth’s climate, snowpack, and continental drift; the Earth always recovers from extinctions to produce a new crop of species; it will likewise recover from the latest anthropogenic “Sixth Extinction”; and even if the endangered species—or other species—go extinct, we’ll get some nifty new ones.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Extinction is the engine of evolution, the mechanism by which natural selection prunes the poorly adapted and allows the hardiest to flourish.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	The only reason we should conserve biodiversity is for ourselves, to create a stable future for human beings.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	This is how evolution proceeds: through extinction.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Extinctions of individual species, entire lineages and even complete ecosystems are common occurrences in the history of life.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	There is no guarantee that the Earth will recover from this new anthropogenic extinction in a way that guarantees the return of biodiversity.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Further, destroying natural ecosystems, if you take Pyron’s anthropocentric view (it’s not my view), can drive to extinction animals and plants that are of potential aid to humans: plants that provide medical cures, clues about animals that can help us live longer and healthier lives, and so on.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	And each time a species goes extinct, we lose a chance to learn about it, its ecology, and its evolutionary past.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	That kind of extinction doesn’t cause much suffering.	122_7	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	In one way, destroying species is like burning every work of art in the world.	122_7	1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	She added that the effects of tobacco already cost taxpayers billions of dollars in Medicare and Medicaid expenses.	95_7	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Smoking kills an estimated 500,000 Europeans a year yet EU farmers are paid £5,250 a hectare to grow tobacco.	95_7	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	There are over 44 million student debtors, and researchers estimate that as many as 40 percent could default.	94_8	1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	Given these long-term trends, without investment in biofuel technology we actually risk our economies being crippled by sky-high fuel costs, for example if oil prices head up over $100 a barrel.	89_8	1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	Biofuels are also a sensible bridge to a greener future, allowing us to develop a more sustainable future without unbearable economic or social cost.	89_8	1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	The increased production of biofuels presents a growing environmental threat.	89_8	-1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	If biofuel production is promoted even more this trend will continue, contributing to increased poverty, malnutrition and suffering.	89_8	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	On the other hand, according to a survey of Christian fundamentalist pastors, responses indicated a common account of human cloning as primarily reproductive in nature, proscribed by its violation of God's will and role [ref].	44_3	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Therefore, if one believes, as Catholics do, that the zygotes have souls and are therefore human, in the words of John Paul II, regardless of the objective for which it was done, human embryonic cloning conflicts with the international legal norms that protect human dignity [ref].	44_3	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Thus, according to this view, the dignity of the person is not upheld.	44_3	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Not only this, but some Christian ethicists argue that human cloning would create substantial issues of identity and individuality [ref].	44_3	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	However, according to Richard McCormick, S.J., cloning disrupts the familial order.	44_3	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Supporters of the use of animals in experiments, such as the British Royal Society, argue that virtually every medical achievement in the 20th century relied on the use of animals in some way [ref].	17_9	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The Institute for Laboratory Animal Research of the United States National Academy of Sciences has argued that animal research cannot be replaced by even sophisticated computer models, which are unable to deal with the extremely complex interactions between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms and the environment [ref].	17_9	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal rights organizations—such as PETA and BUAV—question the need for and legitimacy of animal testing, arguing that it is cruel and poorly regulated, that medical progress is actually held back by misleading animal models that cannot reliably predict effects in humans, that some of the tests are outdated, that the costs outweigh the benefits, or that animals have the intrinsic right not to be used or harmed in experimentation [ref].	17_9	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	These provide animals of a known genetic background, an important tool for genetic analyses.	17_9	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	In contrast, scientists assessing the usefulness of animal models of Parkinson's disease, as well as the medical research charity The Parkinson's Appeal, state that these models were invaluable and that they led to improved surgical treatments such as pallidotomy, new drug treatments such as levodopa, and later deep brain stimulation [ref].	17_9	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	These toxicity tests provide, in the words of a 2006 United States National Academy of Sciences report, critical information for assessing hazard and risk potential [ref].	17_9	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals are used by the military to develop weapons, vaccines, battlefield surgical techniques, and defensive clothing [ref].	17_9	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Web-based social networking services make it possible to connect people who share interests and activities across political, economic, and geographic borders [ref].	4_8	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social networks are providing a different way for individuals to communicate digitally.	4_8	1
C	Should we promote social networks	In his book Digital Identities: Creating and Communicating the Online Self [ref], Rob Cover argues that social networking's foundation in Web 2.0, high-speed networking shifts online representation to one which is both visual and relational to other people, complexifying the identity process for younger people and creating new forms of anxiety [ref].	4_8	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	At least one study went as far as to conclude that the negative effects of Facebook usage are equal to or greater than the positive effects of face-to-face interactions [ref].	4_8	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	According to a recent article from Computers in Human Behavior, Facebook has also been shown to lead to issues of social comparison.	4_8	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	However, a study by the Harvard Business Review shows that these goals often lead to negative consequences, as use of Facebook has been linked with lower levels of well-being; mental health has been shown to decrease due to the use of Facebook [ref].	4_8	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Usage of social networking has contributed to a new form of bullying on social media, the communication model of interpersonal communications motives explains that a person could be embracing the motivation of escape in order to feel more powerful when the person's reality may not reflect the motivation that they are showing when they are online.	4_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	One assessment claimed that, as of 2009, wind had the lowest relative greenhouse gas emissions, the least water consumption demands and... the most favourable social impacts compared to photovoltaic, hydro, geothermal, coal and gas [ref].	121_7	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines produce electricity at between two and six cents per kilowatt hour, which is one of the lowest-priced renewable energy sources [ref].	121_7	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	In addition, there is currently no competitive market for wind energy, because wind is a freely available natural resource, most of which is untapped [ref].	121_7	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines provide a clean energy source, use little water [ref], emitting no greenhouse gases and no waste products.	121_7	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines can be very large, reaching over 140 m (460 ft) tall and with blades 55 m (180 ft) long [ref], and people have often complained about their visual impact.	121_7	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Thousands of birds, including rare species, have been killed by the blades of wind turbines [ref], though wind turbines contribute relatively insignificantly to anthropogenic avian mortality.	121_7	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Energy harnessed by wind turbines is intermittent, and is not a dispatchable source of power; its availability is based on whether the wind is blowing, not whether electricity is needed.	121_7	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	In this way, wind energy is not a particularly reliable source of energy.	121_7	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	For four years or more, Mr. Boone has traveled across the mid-Atlantic to make every argument he can muster against local wind-power projects: they kill birds and bats; they are too noisy; they are inefficient, making no more than a symbolic contribution to energy needs.	121_7	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Mr. Boone's quiver of anti-wind arguments includes economic analyses, but his first line of attack is biological: he contends that they are a threat to bats and potentially to migratory birds and that they break up forest habitat.	121_7	-1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	External aid can play a catalytic role	91_5	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	But we know that most developing countries cannot close the gap with their own resources or the private sector alone.	91_5	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Aid, when correctly applied, plays a catalytic role in transforming a country’s education system and improving the overall return on investment in education.	91_5	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Development aid is also critical to the many children who can’t get schooling because they are caught in the maelstrom of conflict and crisis, which are not only major barriers to education but also contribute to perpetuate the vicious cycle of poverty and violence.	91_5	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	* Condoms Needed to Prevent Spread of Sexually Transmitted Infections	64_9	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	* Making Condoms Available in Schools Increases the Likelihood that Sexually Active Students Will Use Condoms, Not the Likelihood that They Will Have Sex	64_9	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom distribution was found to increase the likelihood that students would practice safe sex, but it was not linked to increasing the general rate of sexual activity.	64_9	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Wooley told the Journal-Sentinel that Most of the research that has been done in sexuality education has shown that it does increase the use of contraception, but not the rate of being sexually active.	64_9	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Critics of condom distribution in public schools also argue that making condoms available in public schools will send the message to students that their parents and teachers are expecting them to engage in sexual activity.	64_9	-1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	However, the number in babies has also gone up with the forced registration of babies, also a new law, leading to more abandonment [ref].	73_10	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	But in 1998 the government temporarily lifted the restrictions, after the number of abandoned children sharply increased in the wake of growing economic hardships.	73_10	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Supply and demand models suggest that there may be welfare and employment losses from minimum wages.	86_2	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	However, if the labor market is in a state of monopsony (with only one employer available who is hiring), minimum wages can increase the efficiency of the market.	86_2	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Over time, minimum wages came to be seen as a way to help lower-income families.	86_2	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Supporters of the minimum wage say it increases the standard of living of workers, reduces poverty, reduces inequality, and boosts morale [ref].	86_2	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	In contrast, opponents of the minimum wage say it increases poverty, increases unemployment because some low-wage workers will be unable to find work...[and] will be pushed into the ranks of the unemployed [ref] and is damaging to businesses, because excessively high minimum wages require businesses to raise the prices of their product or service to accommodate the extra expense of paying a higher wage [ref].	86_2	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	However, this meant that a uniform minimum wage was not possible.	86_2	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The movement for a minimum wage was initially focused on stopping sweatshop labor and controlling the proliferation of sweatshops in manufacturing industries [ref].	86_2	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Museums are expensive to run, with the costs of acquisitions, conservation, maintenance, staff salaries and special exhibitions all weighing heavily upon their budgets.	49_5	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Logically, lowering the admission price, would increase the amount of visitors, these visitors would spend more money in gift shops and restaurants and could possibly result in a higher income.	49_5	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	On the other hand, a museum misses out on extra income through admission fees.	49_5	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Museums have high fixed costs.	49_5	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	(Frey, 2006; Caves,2000) However, admission prices are of the main determinants that influence the economic outcome of a museum.	49_5	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Additionally, museums receive a great deal of support, sponsoring and donations.	49_5	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	This might attract a new and bigger audience to experience the museum.	49_5	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Another benefit of free entry to a museum is that is increases the amount of visitors.	49_5	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	With free entrance leading to a higher amount of visitors, exit donation can bring in significant extra financial resources for a museum.	49_5	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Many civilians think that AI will eventually lead to technological employment.	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	In addition, the jobs that will most likely be completely replaced by AI are middle-class jobs, such as factory jobs.	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	However, Krakovsky (2018) states that AI will most likely take the route of complementing people, rather than replicating people.	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Meaning that the goal of AI is to improve the life of workers, not become them [ref].	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A survey at Davos 2014 found that 80% of 147 respondents agreed that technology was driving jobless growth [ref].	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Other economists, however, have argued that long-term technological unemployment is unlikely.	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	In 2014, Pew Research canvassed 1,896 technology professionals and economists and found a split of opinion: 48% of respondents believed that new technologies would displace more jobs than they would create by the year 2025, while 52% maintained that they would not [ref].	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A number of studies have predicted that automation will take a large proportion of jobs in the future, but estimates of the level of unemployment this will cause vary.	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	It estimated that 47% of US jobs were at high risk of automation [ref].	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	In 2014, the economic think tank Bruegel released a study, based on the Frey and Osborne approach, claiming that across the European Union's 28 member states, 54% of jobs were at risk of automation.	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A 2015 report by the Taub Center found that 41% of jobs in Israel were at risk of being automated within the next two decades [ref].	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A 2016 study by the International Labour Organization found 74% of salaried electrical & electronics industry positions in Thailand, 75% of salaried electrical & electronics industry positions in Vietnam, 63% of salaried electrical & electronics industry positions in Indonesia, and 81% of salaried electrical & electronics industry positions in the Philippines were at high risk of automation [ref].	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A 2016 United Nations report stated that 75% of jobs in the developing world were at risk of automation, and predicted that more jobs might be lost when corporations stop outsourcing to developing countries after automation in industrialized countries makes it less lucrative to outsource to countries with lower labor costs [ref].	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A 2017 study by PricewaterhouseCoopers found that up to 38% of jobs in the US, 35% of jobs in Germany, 30% of jobs in the UK, and 21% of jobs in Japan were at high risk of being automated by the early 2030s [ref].	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A 2017 study by Ball State University found about half of American jobs were at risk of automation, many of them low-income jobs [ref].	5_7	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	However, not all recent empirical studies have found evidence to support the idea that automation will cause widespread unemployment.	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	According to a study published in McKinsey Quarterly[128] in 2015 the impact of computerization in most cases is not replacement of employees but automation of portions of the tasks they perform [ref].	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A 2017 study on the effect of automation on Germany found no evidence that automation caused total job losses but that they do effect the jobs people are employed in; losses in the industrial sector due to automation were offset by gains in the service sector.	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Although it concluded that automation did not reduce the overall number of jobs available and even increased them, it found that from the 1970s to the 2010s, it had reduced the share of human labor in the value added to the work, and thus had helped to slow wage growth [ref].	5_7	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	In April 2018, Adair Turner, former Chairman of the Financial Services Authority and head of the Institute for New Economic Thinking, stated that it would already be possible to automate 50% of jobs with current technology, and that it will be possible to automate all jobs by 2060 [ref].	5_7	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	In contrast, in an interview study, sex-selection technology providers generally argued that sex selection is an expression of reproductive rights, was initiated and pursued by women, and was a sign of female empowerment that allowed couples to make well-informed family planning decisions, prevented occurrences of unintended pregnancy and abortion, and minimized intimate partner violence and/or child neglect [ref].	96_5	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	The Ethics Committee of the American Society of Reproductive Medicine concluded that it is ethically appropriate to employ these new reproductive technologies to avoid the birth of children suffering from X-linked genetic disorders [ref].	96_5	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	In addition, primary care physicians voiced the concerns that sex selection led to invasive medical interventions in the absence of therapeutic indications, contributed to gender stereotypes that could result in child neglect of the lesser-desired sex, and was not a solution to domestic violence [ref].	96_5	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	In addition, social risks of sex selection outweigh the social benefits of sex selection[47]	96_5	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	When combined with frequent social sex selection, this bias may produce a gender imbalance that has undesirable consequences.	96_5	-1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	With the growth of online shopping, comes a wealth of new market footprint coverage opportunities for stores that can appropriately cater to offshore market demands and service requirements.	109_2	1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	Business organizations seek to offer online shopping not only because it is of much lower cost compared to bricks and mortar stores, but also because it offers access to a world wide market, increases customer value, and builds sustainable capabilities.	109_2	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	A survey of 2,600 parents published in January by the Royal Society for Public Health shows that 21% of parents in the UK think MMR causes unwanted side effects and almost 10% of parents chose not to give their child the MMR vaccine, mainly because of fears about side effects.	70_13	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Opponents of cloning have concerns that technology is not yet developed enough to be safe, and that it could be prone to abuse, either in the form of clones raised as slaves, or leading to the generation of humans from whom organs and tissues would be harvested.	44_2	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Advocates of human therapeutic cloning believe the practice could provide genetically identical cells for regenerative medicine, and tissues and organs for transplantation [ref].	44_2	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Article 11 of UNESCO's Universal Declaration on the Human Genome and Human Rights asserts that the reproductive cloning of human beings is contrary to human dignity [ref], that a potential life represented by the embryo is destroyed when embryonic cells are used [ref], and there is a significant likelihood that cloned individuals would be biologically damaged, due to the inherent unreliability of	44_2	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	For example, a female DNA donor would be the clone's genetic twin, rather than mother, complicating the genetic and social relationships between mother and child as well as the relationships between other family members and the clone [ref].	44_2	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Most of the Christian churches, including World council of Churches and United Methodist Church, opposes the research of cloning of either human embryos or whole human [ref].The Roman Catholic Church, under the papacy of Benedict XVI, condemned the practice of human cloning, in the magisterial instruction Dignitas Personae, stating that it represents a grave offense to the dignity of that person as well as to the fundamental equality of all people [ref].	44_2	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	We often hear stories about couples struggling to repay loans for years after the marriage due to the expensive weddings they went through.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	But people are now beginning to realize that splurging on weddings is the height of folly if one can’t really afford it.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	Naked weddings are becoming more acceptable partly because properties and other expenses are simply too much for many to afford.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In fact, a huge wedding party and expensive wedding rings have little to do with love and happiness.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	A lavish wedding ceremony does not ensure longer-lasting marriage.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	Quite the reverse, two economics professors at Emory University found a correlation between less expensive weddings and lower divorce rates.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	Marriage has been a top priority for Chinese since ancient times, and a grand wedding directly symbolizes the family’s high social status.	112_6	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In contrast to the traditional Chinese concept of family, modern young people place more emphasis on independence and the freedom of marriage, so the importance of weddings has been greatly weakened.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In this case, naked marriage is in the embryonic stage, which not only reflects modern people’s new understanding of marriage, but also reflects modern people’s new concept of materialism.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	From this point of view, naked marriage is worth advocating among young people, because it fully embodies the psychological characteristics of modern people who dare to challenge the traditional concept of marriage and pursue practical life style independently.	112_6	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	Chinese people have more choices in marriage and modern society has made remarkable progress.	112_6	1
C	Should we support family education	In states where homeschools must be, or can be operated as any other private school, graduation requirements for all private schools in that state generally also apply to the homeschools.	72_10	1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooling is increasingly becoming recognized as a viable alternative to institutional education, and fewer families are targeted for prosecution.	72_10	1
C	Should we support family education	Over the last several decades, US colleges and universities have become increasingly open to accepting homeschooled students [ref].	72_10	1
C	Should we support family education	Students coming from a homeschool graduated from college at a higher rate than their peers¬—66.7 percent compared to 57.5 percent—and earned higher grade point averages along the way [ref].	72_10	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	If museums are not funded sufficiently by the government, they will be forced to charge for entry, and this will inevitably deter many potential visitors, especially the poor and those whose educational and cultural opportunities have already been limited.	49_3	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Free access is essential to provide freedom of cultural and educational opportunity.	49_3	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Free access will encourage more people to find out about their country and help to promote feelings of national unity and identity, while promoting greater understanding and acceptance of foreign cultures.	49_3	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	In addition, if museums were made entirely reliant upon public funding, it is likely that money would be channelled to those institutions the government felt were most important, forcing smaller, local or more specialist museums to close.	49_3	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	That up-front investment cost may appear prohibitive for most students without a bottomless savings account or some very generous family members.	93_4	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Study abroad isn't always as expensive as you might think; and you can get help to pay for it.	93_4	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	The Internet has created new forums of social interaction and social relations including social networking websites such as Facebook and MySpace and sites such as meetup.com and Couchsurfing which facilitate offline interaction.	107_7	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Though virtual communities were once thought to be composed of strictly virtual social ties, researchers often find that even those social ties formed in virtual spaces are often maintained both online and offline  There are ongoing debates about the impact of the Internet on strong and weak ties, whether the internet is creating more or less social capital, the internet's role in trends towards social isolation, and whether it creates a more or less diverse social environment.	107_7	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	This form of leisure creates communities, bringing people of all ages and origins to enjoy the fast-paced world of multiplayer games.	107_7	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	This has revolutionized the way many people interact and spend their free time on the Internet.	107_7	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Social networking websites like MySpace, Facebook and many others like them also put and keep people in contact for their enjoyment.	107_7	-1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	Parents who support the use of cell phones believe that these phones are essential for safety by allowing children to communicate with their parents and guardians.	40_1	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	Opponents of students using mobile phones during school believe that mobile phones cause disruption and may be used inappropriately such as by cheating on tests, taking inappropriate photographs [ref], and playing mobile games.	40_1	-1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	A variety of messaging apps provide communication for student-to-student relationships as well as teacher-to-student communication.	40_1	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	This can cause a socioeconomic gap between students who have cell phones and computers and those who do not.	40_1	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	That is, animals have the right to be treated as the individuals they are, with their own desires and needs, rather than as unfeeling property [ref].	17_3	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	In parallel to the debate about moral rights, animal law is now widely taught in law schools in North America, and several prominent legal scholar, such as Steven M. Wise and Gary L. Francione, support the extension of basic legal rights and personhood to non-human animals.	17_3	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Critics of animal rights argue that nonhuman animals are unable to enter into a social contract, and thus cannot be possessors of rights, a view summed up by the philosopher Roger Scruton, who writes that only humans have duties, and therefore only humans have rights [ref].	17_3	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Another argument, associated with the utilitarian tradition, is that animals may be used as resources so long as there is no unnecessary suffering;[9] they may have some moral standing, but they are inferior in status to human beings, and any interests they have may be overridden, though what counts as necessary suffering or a legitimate sacrifice of interests varies considerably [ref].	17_3	-1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	The transport of this waste poses an unacceptable risk to people and the environment.	69_2	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	Even if put into a geological repository, the waste might emerge and threaten future generations.	69_2	-1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	The transport of this waste poses an unacceptable risk to people and the environmentHazardous waste is produced by most major industrial processes.	69_2	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	Even if put into a geological repository, the waste might emerge and threaten future generationsRadiation scientists, geologists and engineers have produced detailed plans for safe underground storage of nuclear waste, and some are now operating.	69_2	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	Geological repositories for HLW are designed to ensure that harmful radiation would not reach the surface even in the event of severe earthquakes or through the passage of time.The designs for long-term disposal incorporate multiple layers of protection.	69_2	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sex education in schools is being given increasing importance as it is known to inform students about issues related to sex and sexual health.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It is considered important for societies that its individuals are well-informed about sex, sexual practices, child sexual abuse and sexually transmitted diseases.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Various studies suggest that effective sex education in schools prevents adolescents experimenting with sex.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	These sex education programmes also encourage the teenagers to use protection while indulging in any kind of sexual act.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sex education in schools can help children understand the impact of sex in their lives.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It dispels myths related to sex and broadens their horizon.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It can also answer all the questions that they have regarding their changing body and hormonal surges.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sex education in school can help them understand the differences and keep the desire to explore things for themselves in check.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sex education in schools can play an active role in curbing the incidence of abuse as through this medium children can be made aware of the difference between good and bad touch.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	This is important because avenues, such as the internet have a huge store of information that might be misleading.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	With problems, such as teenage pregnancies and transmission of STDs on the rise, it is only appropriate that sex education is made accessible in school so that the most number of children can be made aware.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It is a known fact that teenagers today turn sexually active, therefore, sex education can help them understand the benefit of abstinence in the early years or it can at least teach them how to be responsible sexually active people.	46_5	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Mostly teachers who are given the task of teaching sex education to students are not experts and have vague ideas about sexual health themselves.	46_5	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	If not taught properly, sex education in school can become a matter of ridicule and students may not take any interest in it.	46_5	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sex education at school may be at odds with the religious ideologies.	46_5	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	It cannot be accepted that the use of nuclear weapons on a scale which would – or could – result in the deaths of many millions in indiscriminate inferno and by far-reaching fallout, have pernicious effects in space and time, and render uninhabitable much or all of the earth, could be lawful.	119_6	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The resulting non binding Proclamation of Tehran was the first international document to recognize one of these rights when it stated that: Parents have a basic human right to determine freely and responsibly the number and the spacing of their children [ref].	1_10	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	Reproductive rights began to appear as a subset of human rights in the 1968 Proclamation of Tehran, which states: Parents have a basic human right to determine freely and responsibly the number and the spacing of their children [ref].	1_10	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	Parents have the exclusive right to determine freely and responsibly the number and spacing of their children [ref].	1_10	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	These rights rest on the recognition of the basic right of all couples and individuals to decide freely and responsibly the number, spacing and timing of their children and to have the information and means to do so, and the right to attain the highest standard of sexual and reproductive health.	1_10	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Despite what you may have heard, reports of the death of print have been greatly exaggerated.	9_4	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	And old-fashioned paper and ink has an unlikely saviour.	9_4	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	And it's clear that these kids are still in love with paper.	9_4	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	For all the wily charms of the digital world and its tweets, feeds, blogs and apps, there is nothing like the pleasure created by ink and paper, they insist.	9_4	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	If print really can anchor the brand and define the voice, often it is far more successful than intended.	9_4	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Like Cremer, Danny Miller, the company's founder/MD, points out that, magazines are simply very effective ways of engaging with people.	9_4	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	To the greatest extent, it just seems like common sense to us that any company would want to communicate with people through print.	9_4	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Just ask Moshi Monsters' Munro Smith: Computers and video games haven't killed physical toys and games, so there's no reason why the digital world should kill print.	9_4	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Huelsman argued succinctly that “The most important reason we face a crisis in the system is that a degree is far from guaranteed.” He went on to explain that four in ten low-income borrowers and four in ten black borrowers drop out of school, with the vast majority citing student loan debt as the number one reason for dropping out.	94_4	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Akers touched on another potential consequence of the “crisis” rhetoric in saying, “It’s critically important that low-income students continue to have access to the benefits afforded by higher education.	94_4	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Both sides also concurred that a crisis of information exists in the higher education and student loan markets.	94_4	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	To these families, having an oldest male child is paramount, so in a one-child policy, a daughter has no economic benefit, so daughters, especially as a first child, is often targeted for abortion or infanticide.	1_11	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	Seeing population control as a matter of power and ethnic survival rather than in terms of ecological sustainability, Tibetans successfully argued for an exemption of Tibetan people from the usual family planning policies in China such as the one-child policy [ref].	1_11	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The change was needed to allow a better balance of male and female children, and to grow the young population to ease the problem of paying for the aging population.	1_11	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Not only does physical education do little to improve physical fitness, but it can also lead to truancy and other disciplinary problems.	10_11	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Perhaps that’s because they speak to one of America’s fundamental truths: For many kids, physical education is terrible.	10_11	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Students are more likely to be bullied in middle school than at any other point in their academic careers, and physical education presents a particularly ripe opportunity for abuse, whether because the class forces them to use a locker room, where adult supervision is limited, or because it facilitates the teasing of overweight or unathletic kids.	10_11	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	The paper posits that by subjecting participants—namely low-income kids, as the Fitness Now grants targeted campuses serving disadvantaged populations—to these circumstances on a daily basis, the physical education requirement made students less inclined to go to school.	10_11	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	That might involve healthy-living and nutrition classes, parent education, and frequent opportunities for unstructured play—all on top of more conventional “gym class.” This may help explain why, for example, one 2012 study based on data from the National Survey of Children’s Health found that required physical education alone generally doesn’t have any noteworthy impact on boys’ physical-activity levels or obesity, though it did have a marginal impact on girls’.	10_11	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Cahill maintains that many physical education programs are high caliber, successful in both engaging students and producing positive health and wellness outcomes.	10_11	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality shows are bad, lazy television.	100_6	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality TV is dishonest – it pretends to show “reality” but it actually distorts the truth to suit the programme makers.	100_6	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality shows send a bad message and help to create a cult of instant celebrity.	100_6	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality shows are corrupting as they rely on humiliation and conflict to create excitement.	100_6	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality shows are driving out other sorts of programmes, so that often there is nothing else to watch.	100_6	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality television programmes are very popular with audiences of all ages and types.	100_6	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality TV actually has a lot of value to our society.	100_6	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality TV provides an important social glue.	100_6	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	On the other hand, reality TV can be very educational.	100_6	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	So the projections are that in the future, we will use more energy, and a larger share of that energy will be from renewable sources.	47_9	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Costs for wind and solar are coming down, and they are competing with traditional forms of energy.	47_9	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Basically, he has reported, more pollution equals more deaths –his research found that 7,000 deaths could have been avoided over a 10-year period through the increased use of wind and solar.	47_9	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	They argue the costs of wind and solar have been reduced to a point where they are competitive with traditional sources of energy, at least for electricity, so let the markets rule.	47_9	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	Second, even if only poor people sold their organs, the donors would still be better off.	58_5	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	This means that if things go bad, the seller has no legal recourse and is less likely to receive proper medical care before, during or after surgery.	58_5	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	This is where the more libertarian minded argue that if our bodies are ours to manage, it should follow that we are also able to sell our organs.	58_5	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	One dissenting group says that any market based system will necessarily be exploitative of the poor since they’re the ones who’ll be most tempted to take the risks in order to get the rewards.	58_5	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	It would mean, finally, granting women freedom over their own bodies and life choices.	43_13	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Making mathematics mandatory prevents us from discovering and developing young talent.	53_11	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Shirley Bagwell, a longtime Tennessee teacher, warns that “to expect all students to master algebra will cause more students to drop out.” For those who stay in school, there are often “exit exams,” almost all of which contain an algebra component.	53_11	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Algebra is an onerous stumbling block for all kinds of students: disadvantaged and affluent, black and white.	53_11	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The main impediment to graduation: freshman math.	53_11	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	John P. Smith III, an educational psychologist at Michigan State University who has studied math education, has found that “mathematical reasoning in workplaces differs markedly from the algorithms taught in school.” Even in jobs that rely on so-called STEM credentials — science, technology, engineering, math — considerable training occurs after hiring, including the kinds of computations that will be required.	53_11	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Isn’t this discipline a critical part of education, providing quantitative tools and honing conceptual abilities that are indispensable — especially in our high tech age?	53_11	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	What of the claim that mathematics sharpens our minds and makes us more intellectually adept as individuals and a citizen body?	53_11	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Many of those who struggled through a traditional math regimen feel that doing so annealed their character.	53_11	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Demanding algebra across the board actually skews a student body, not necessarily for the better.	53_11	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics, both pure and applied, is integral to our civilization, whether the realm is aesthetic or electronic.	53_11	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	But that would misuse teaching talent and student effort.	53_11	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	To turn scientific knowledge into intellectual property would dampen the enthusiasm of many scientists for their work.	120_7	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	But there are lots of areas that, unlike science, have long operated with intellectual property as a fact of life.	120_7	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	It is often thought that intellectual property provides a protection against plagiarism.	120_7	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	There is an even more fundamental reason why copyright provides no protection against plagiarism: the most common sort of plagiarism is built into social hierarchies.	120_7	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Most of the rewards from intellectual property go to a few big companies.	120_7	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Getting rid of intellectual property would reduce the incomes of a few highly successful creative individuals, such as author Agatha Christie, composer Andrew Lloyd Webber and filmmaker Steven Spielberg.	120_7	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	But there would be economic resources released: there would be more money available for other creators.	120_7	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	In a society without intellectual property, creativity is likely to thrive.	120_7	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Intellectual property gives the appearance of stopping unfair appropriation of ideas although, as argued here, the reality is quite different.	120_7	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Intellectual property is theft, sometimes in part from an individual creator but always from society as a whole.	120_7	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Sharing information is undoubtedly the most efficient way to allocate productive resources (Hahnel 1993).	120_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	That’s the picture painted by federal health statistics, which show a rise in per-person consumption and increases in emergency room visits, hospitalizations and deaths tied to drinking.	88_9	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Excessive drinking is associated with chronic dangers such as liver cancer, high blood pressure, stroke and heart disease.	88_9	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	And health officials say alcohol is a factor in as many as one-third of serious falls among the elderly.	88_9	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	This “French Paradox” triggered studies that suggested drinking a glass or two of red wine may have some benefits for heart health.	88_9	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Sex-selective abortion affects the human sex ratio—the relative number of males to females in a given age group [ref], with China and India, the two most populous countries of the world, having unbalanced gender ratios.	96_6	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Sex-selective abortion affects the human sex ratio—the relative number of males to females in a given age group [ref].	96_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccine hesitancy often results in disease outbreaks and deaths from vaccine-preventable diseases [ref].	70_10	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Opposition to mandatory vaccination may be based on anti-vaccine sentiment, concern that it violates civil liberties or reduces public trust in vaccination, or suspicion of profiteering by the pharmaceutical industry [ref].	70_10	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Scientific evidence for the effectiveness of large-scale vaccination campaigns is well-established [ref].	70_10	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Incomplete vaccine coverage increases the risk of disease for the entire population, including those who have been vaccinated, because it reduces herd immunity.	70_10	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Commonly used vaccines are a cost-effective and preventive way of promoting health, compared to the treatment of acute or chronic disease.	70_10	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	According to Jennifer Reich, those parents who believe vaccination to be quite effective but might prefer their children to remain unvaccinated, are those who are the most likely to be convinced to change their mind, as long as they are approached properly [ref].	70_10	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	As with any medical treatment, there is a potential for vaccines to cause serious complications, such as severe allergic reactions [ref], but unlike most other medical interventions, vaccines are given to healthy people and so a higher standard of safety is expected [ref].	70_10	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	First, some investigators suggest that a medical condition of increasing prevalence or unknown cause is an adverse effect of vaccination.	70_10	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	In several countries, reductions in the use of some vaccines were followed by increases in the diseases' morbidity and mortality [ref].	70_10	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, continued high levels of vaccine coverage are necessary to prevent resurgence of diseases that have been nearly eliminated [ref].	70_10	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	Little emperors also bear the burden of heavy expectations.	1_9	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	From an early age parents push their only child to educational extremes as they cater to their whims; though many of these precocious kids can recite the English alphabet or read newspapers in traditional Chinese characters by the time they're 10, their parents often still perform basic tasks for them: fixing their hair, tying their shoes, wiping their bottoms [ref].	1_9	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The combination of immense pressure to excel and extreme pampering is reported to have resulted in a stunting of social and emotional growth [ref].	1_9	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	Results from earlier studies are inconsistent with some more recent studies that suggest there are no reliable differences between only children and those with siblings [ref].	1_9	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	However, a survey published in 2013[14] on 431 Beijing adults finds that those who had grown up after the introduction of the one-child policy were lacking entrepreneurial drive and the willingness to take risks [ref].	1_9	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	This even had a significant impact on career choices [ref].	1_9	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	The court, however, argued that the removal of the ventilator, which would lead to Karen's death, would be considered unlawful, unnatural, and unethical.	32_2	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Quinlan's lawyer's counterargument stated that the removal of the respirator would allow Karen to have a natural death which is natural and ethical.	32_2	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	One of the critical point that the Quinlan case brings up is the patient's right to deny or withdraw treatment.	32_2	1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	'Melburnians are renowned for caring for our most vulnerable residents, but in recent weeks we have seen people not only committing offences but also taking advantage of the goodwill in our city.	110_4	-1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	It’s going to be tough to come to something everyone agrees on.”	99_1	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Rural–urban migration is having a considerable socioeconomic and environmental effect in mountain regions.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	However, rural–urban migration generally improves the living standards of migrants and leads to the disintensification of land use in fragile ecosystems with low productivity, thus stimulating ecosystem recovery and improving watershed and biodiversity protection—as shown by experience in the Caribbean and South America.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	More importantly, rural–urban migration provides an opportunity to improve the living conditions of marginal populations while protecting the environment.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Presently, most initiatives promoting sustainable development in mountain regions tend to view rural–urban migration negatively.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	For example, a major goal of the Fifth International Symposium for Sustainable Development in the Andes (Jujuy, Argentina, 2005) was “to reduce depopulation.” The argument is mainly based on the assumptions that: 1) migration has negative social effects (eg it does not improve the quality of life of migrants and it reduces local human capital), and 2) it contributes to environmental degradation (eg increases human environmental impact in urban areas and favors mismanagement of resources in rural areas).	18_5	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The decision to migrate often results in improved conditions for migrants, and surveys conducted around the world reveal that the vast mayority of migrants are satisfied with their decision.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Rural communities lose human capital, particularly young adults who are attracted to education and job opportunities in urban centers.	18_5	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	This often results in losses of traditional knowledge and socio-cultural values, including agrodiversity and ethnobiological knowledge.	18_5	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Therefore, by moving to urban areas, where the population consumes agricultural products from more efficient systems, migrants help to conserve land for nature and preserve natural ecosystems in mountain regions.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	In addition to a reduction in agricultural activities, rural–urban migration will lead to a reduction in grazing, hunting, and firewood collection in mountain areas, which should also promote natural ecosystem recovery.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Rural–urban migration is not only compatible with sustainable development; in many mountain systems it is necessary.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Consequently, migration from rural mountain areas to urban centers, typically situated in the lowlands, favors an efficient spatial distribution of land uses, which is reflected in benefits for migrants in particular, and society in general.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The potentially negative effects of migration for local communities are certainly not enough to discourage migration, with its individual potential benefits.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Poor conditions in rural areas are a key driver of rural–urban migration.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Therefore, improving economic standards in the countryside will also contribute to rural–urban migration.	18_5	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Even if rural migration causes local negative effects for both communities and the environment, the process will continue and will have a strong influence on mountain regions.	18_5	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Perceptions of condom use by adolescents and parents is an important component of the public health strategy to prevent the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases and early pregnancies (Moore and Rosenthal 1991).	64_10	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom use has been deemed an effective way of reducing HIV infection and unwanted pregnancies (Cates 2001).	64_10	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Some cultural beliefs such as wife inheritance commonly known as Nhaka in the Shona Language do not encourage condom use, and this may increase risks of contracting STIs (Castrì et al.	64_10	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	There is no doubt that unprotected sex among adolescents leads to early pregnancies which can result in complications during birth due to incomplete physiological body growth, anaemia, inadequate knowledge, and low use of reproductive health services (Stanton et al.	64_10	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	In Zimbabwe, most policies have focused on child abuse, child marriages, rape cases and places little attention on safeguarding adolescents in sexual health behaviour where condoms have played a major role in prevention of spread STIs ad unwanted pregnancies (Mantula and Saloojee 2016).	64_10	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	It has been reported by some scholars that some people belonging to some religious groups think that condom use results in promiscuity, irresponsibility and could not be advocated as policy to prevent HIV and AIDS (Masa and Chowa 2014).	64_10	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	They view usage of condoms and their distribution at school as an incentive to encourage adolescents to indulge in sexual activities early (Masa and Chowa 2014).	64_10	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	In most parts of Europe and in the United States such savage penalties were replaced by imprisonment during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, although capital punishment (usually by hanging) remained.	48_9	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Corporal punishment satisfies demands for reprisal and is seen as a just penalty for certain kinds of offenses.	48_9	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Apparent or real increases in crime, particularly violent offenses, spark public demands for the restoration of corporal punishment.	48_9	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Various modern expressions of human rights policy, however, condemn corporal punishment.	48_9	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Advocates of corporal punishment argue that it is more likely than any alternative to prevent offenders from committing further criminal acts, and that it is also an exceptionally strong deterrent to potential offenders.	48_9	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	These findings suggested that flogging was not especially effective as an individual deterrent, but they were not conclusive: the groups of those flogged and not flogged were not properly matched, nor were the sentences randomly assigned, for some judges habitually made more use of the penalty than others.	48_9	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	The causes of this reduction were unknown, but ACTO inferred that corporal punishment had not been a strong deterrent immediately before its abolition and noted that abolition was not followed by an increase in the offenses for which it had previously been imposed (Advisory Council on the Treatment of Offenders).	48_9	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	In short, no evidence proved that corporal punishment provided more deterrence than imprisonment, to which it commonly served as an alternative penalty before abolition.	48_9	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Corporal punishment has come to be seen as incompatible with modern penal methods and as likely to militate against the success of reformative or rehabilitative treatment.	48_9	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You can use this agreement to pass separate property to children from prior marriages, clarify the financial rights of dependents, or reduce the issues that a divorce can bring since everything is outlined already.	52_7	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Spouses can even use a prenuptial agreement to protect themselves from the debt of their partner.	52_7	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Prenups do an excellent job of protecting the financial interests of people as they get older.	52_7	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You can ensure compensation for your sacrifices.	52_7	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You have the option to protect yourself from the debt of your future spouse.	52_7	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	This agreement allows you to prevent the company from being divided or subject to the involvement or control of the other after finalizing the divorce.	52_7	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You can force full financial transparency through prenup negotiations.	52_7	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You might be required to give up the automatic right to inherit your spouse’s estate.	52_7	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You might not be able to claim a portion of business profits.	52_7	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	When you start the creation process of a prenup, then you are guarding against the loss of your current property and possessions.	52_7	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Proposition needs to prove that allowing the exploitation of Antartica will lead to greater benefits to humankind and it is fair to exploit it.	60_5	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	We agree with mankind using the resources that we need in order to make a profit and provide economic boost.	60_5	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Currently there are two industries that are being exploded down in Antartica: Tourism and fishing.	60_5	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Antartica is a rich continent, and humankind should be able to enjoy it.	60_5	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality TV Can Be Unhealthy for Participants as Well as Viewers	100_8	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality television has become symbolic of our current culture.	100_8	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	In 2012, he told the “Today” show that 70 to 80 percent of what people see on reality television is fake.	100_8	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	To them, reality shows are a natural extension.	100_8	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	“These shows can have a positive effect.”	100_8	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	As they function now, MOOCs are not the future of higher education because teachers and students have limited or no interaction.	8_10	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	However, the problem with a class that is all online and free is that everyone (except the very interested or very self-disciplined) will have little incentive to finish the class.	8_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	One of the reasons for opposition from women was that they believed that women were already equal without needing to be able to vote, although women were expected to be equal in different spheres from men [ref].	43_4	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Women considered themselves as less able to participate in politics and that to do so was women just imitating men, instead of being real women [ref].	43_4	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Some feared that the right to vote would introduce uninformed women in making decisions on important political matters.	43_4	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Anti-suffragists used theses acts as a reasons to show that women were mentally unable to handle political matters and that both genders had different strengths.	43_4	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Women were closely associated with their husbands for legal and political purposes and it was argued that husband's votes were sufficient to allow a woman's political expression.	43_4	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	All countries should have the right to pursue a nuclear defence	119_9	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	The pursuit of nuclear defence (respectively the possession of nuclear weapons) by more countries is a guarantee for peace.	119_9	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	The Cuban crisis from 1962 is the best illustration that shows that even when the tensions are very high the presence of nuclear weapons preserves peace.	119_9	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Actually the presence of nuclear weapons preserved the peace.	119_9	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	In the same train of thought we can easily deduce that it is just not fair to treat some countries differently from others.	119_9	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Apparently, if we want to defend the rights of human equality we have to allow every country to construct its own nuclear defences.	119_9	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Now more states have nuclear weapons but still countries which do not possess such weapons are obliged to cling to a superpower.	119_9	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	And because of this no country is absolutely politically independent until it acquires nuclear defences or nuclear weapons.	119_9	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	The Waubra Foundation is a registered educational charity whose central argument against wind farms is that they make people sick.	121_9	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Infrasound is present almost everywhere (for example, your heartbeat creates it, as does your fridge and cars travelling on roads) but it is apparently only infrasound from turbines that's the nasty stuff.	121_9	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines are neither clean nor green and they provide zero global energy	121_9	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	As for resource consumption and environmental impacts, the direct effects of wind turbines — killing birds and bats, sinking concrete foundations deep into wild lands — is bad enough.	121_9	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	The machinery of ‘clean’ renewables is the output of the fossil fuel economy, and largely the coal economy.	121_9	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	The point of running through these numbers is to demonstrate that it is utterly futile, on a priori grounds, even to think that wind power can make any significant contribution to world energy supply, let alone to emissions reductions, without ruining the planet.	121_9	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Some sperm banks, either by choice or regulation, limit the amount of information available to potential recipients; a desire to obtain more information on donors is one reason why recipients may choose to use a known donor and/or private donation.	104_1	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Laws regulating sperm donation address issues such as permissible reimbursement or payment, rights and responsibilities of the donor towards his biological offspring, the child's right to know his/her father's identity, and procedural issues.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Many donees do not tell the child that they were conceived as a result of sperm donation, or, when non-anonymous donor sperm has been used, they do not tell the child until they are old enough for the clinic to provide the contact information about the donor.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Some believe that it is a human right for a person to know who their biological mother and father are, and thus it should be illegal to conceal this information in any way and at any time.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands, Britain, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand, and others, only allow non-anonymous sperm donation, generally based on the principle that the child has a right to knowledge of his/her biological origins which led to a unique German court precedent for a 21-year old young woman in 2013 Generally this jurisdictions are implemented by requiring sperm banks to keep up to date records and release identifying information about the donor to his offspring after they reach a certain age (15-18).	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Anonymous sperm tends is often cheaper, but another that recipients choose anonymous donors is concern about the role that the donor or the child may want the donor to play in the child's life.	104_1	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	For some donor conceived children, on the other hand, it may be psychologically burdensome not having the possibility of contacting or knowing almost nothing about the biological father.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Thus far, studies have found that a significant minority of donor conceived children want contact towards their biological father.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Most donors are not open to contact with offspring, although more open attitudes are observed among single donors and homosexual donors.	104_1	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Some even say that it is the moral responsibility of the donor not to seek contact with offspring.	104_1	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	From Swedish data, where only non-anonymous donation is permitted in clinics, 87% of potential donors had a positive attitude towards future contact with offspring, although 80% of these potential donors did not feel that the donor had any moral responsibilities for the child later in life.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Also from UK data, 80% of potential donors did not feel responsible for whatever happened with their sperm after the donation.	104_1	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Improved DNA technology has brought into question the possibility of assuring a donor's anonymity.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	This measure was intended to reduce the risk of consanguinity as well as to enforce the limit on the number of births permitted by each donor.	104_1	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	However, a general shortage of donor sperm at the end of the 20th century, exacerbated by the announcement of the removal of anonymity in the UK, led to concerns about the excessive use of the sperm of some donors.	104_1	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Because online dating takes place in virtual space, it is possible for profile information to be misrepresented or falsified.	106_2	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	A form of misrepresentation is that members may lie about their height, weight, age, or marital status in an attempt to market or brand themselves in a particular way [ref].	106_2	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Gross misrepresentation may be less likely on matrimonials sites than on casual dating sites [ref].	106_2	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Some online dating service providers may have fraudulent membership fees or credit card charges [ref].	106_2	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Gay rights groups have complained that certain websites that restrict their dating services to heterosexual couples are discriminating against homosexuals.	106_2	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Student loans are a form of financial aid used to help students access higher education.	94_1	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Research indicates the increased usage of student loans has been a significant factor in college cost increases [ref].	94_1	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	US leaders have acknowledged the rise in student loan debt as a crisis.	94_1	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Once leaving the military though women have a hard time reintegrating back into society and can end up homeless.	41_4	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In 1975 the West German Supreme Court struck down a law legalizing abortion, holding that they contradict the constitution's human rights guarantees.	118_7	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	According to the United Nations publication World Abortion Policies 2013 [ref], abortion is allowed in most countries (97 percent) in order to save a woman's life.	118_7	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Hong Kong Hong Kong: In June 2018, a Hong Kong lesbian known as MK filed a lawsuit against the Hong Kong Government for denying her the right to enter into a civil partnership with her female partner, arguing that her rights to privacy and equality had been violated, amounting to a breach of the Basic Law, the city’s mini constitution, and the Hong Kong Bill of Rights Ordinance.	20_8	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In “Naked marriage BBS ” of Baidu.com, a post called “naked married men are rubbish” is very eye-catching, the post says women of naked marriage have to bear risks, first, take a risk that the man does not care her much, and that he will not cherish the marriage for without paying too much.	112_10	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	Naked marriage will only make a man more unscrupulous wandering!	112_10	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	Naked marriage woman is taking their gamble on youth; few of people would use so many chips to bet.	112_10	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	In fact, naked marriage is not bad, at least one should not just marry for money, it also provide a space for young couple to work and enjoy happiness together and have a long-lasting marriage.	112_10	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	This form of marriage relieves the pressure of reality on young people when face marriage, which caused a lot of resonance of after 80s.	112_10	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	In early 2014, New Mexico Second District Judge Nan Nash ruled that terminally ill patients have the right to aid in dying under the state constitution, i.e., making it legal for a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication to a terminally ill patient [ref].	32_3	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	In the Catholic faith, suicide is considered a grave sin [ref].	32_3	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	For one, the provision in the act that states, “to halt and reverse the trend towards species extinction, whatever the cost” could mean setting aside some human rights in lieu of animal and plant rights.	122_10	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	The ESA is a law founded on protecting the environment as a whole by safeguarding species under threat of extinction and penalizing those who harm them.	122_10	1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Restores Ecological Balance	122_10	1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	In addition, the ability to preserve and protect these regional plants and animals is a great honor, a feat less likely to achieve without the ESA.	122_10	1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Interferes Social Progress	122_10	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Very Expensive	122_10	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Threatens Private Property Ownership	122_10	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Some experts believe this modernization may increase the risk of nuclear proliferation, nuclear terrorism, and accidental nuclear war [ref].	119_5	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Scientists have argued that even a small-scale nuclear war between two countries could have devastating global consequences and such local conflicts are more likely than full-scale nuclear war [ref].	119_5	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Many scholars have posited that a global thermonuclear war with Cold War-era stockpiles, or even with the current smaller stockpiles, may lead to human extinction.	119_5	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Some think that the animal welfare position holds that there is nothing inherently wrong with using animals for human purposes, such as food, clothing, entertainment, fun and research, but that it should be done in a way that minimizes unnecessary pain and suffering, sometimes referred to as humane treatment.	16_5	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	René Descartes believed that non-humans are automata⁠ ⁠— complex machines with no soul, mind, or reason [ref].	16_5	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	In Cartesian dualism, consciousness was unique to human among all other animals and linked to physical matter by divine grace.	16_5	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	However, close analysis shows that many human features such as complex sign usage, tool use, and self-consciousness can be found in some animals [ref].	16_5	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Darwin believed that not only did human beings have a direct kinship with other animals, but the latter had social, mental and moral lives too.	16_5	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Modern philosophers and intellectuals, such as Peter Singer and Tom Regan, have argued that animals' ability to feel pain as humans do makes their well-being worthy of equal consideration [ref].	16_5	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	For people who have a hard time finding partners in their day-to-day, face-to-face life, the larger subset of potential partners online is a big advantage for them.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	One of the most interesting things you have found is that online dating, despite its reputation, actually seems to usher people toward marriage in a way real life dating doesn't.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	One of the things I have found out as part of my research is that people who meet online actually progress to marriage faster than people who meet offline.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	When you’re using online dating, and there’s the possibility of selecting on characteristics that you know you’re going to like, you’re going to know a lot more about people before a first date.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	And I think that’s because online you do this big, calculated search for your soul mate, and find someone else who agrees and then transition to marriage much more quickly.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	It turns out that the Internet dating world replicates the offline dating world in a lot of ways, and even exceeds it in others.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	And prior to the Internet, it was kind of hard for perfect strangers to meet.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	One of the real benefits of Internet search is being able to find people you might have commonalities with but otherwise would never have crossed paths with.	106_10	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	The other big difference is that same-sex couples are much more likely to meet their partner online.	106_10	-1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Critics argue that reality television shows do not accurately reflect reality, in ways both implicit (participants being placed in artificial situations), and deceptive (misleading editing, participants being coached on behavior, storylines generated ahead of time, scenes being staged).	31_4	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Other criticisms of reality television shows include that they are intended to humiliate or exploit participants; that they make stars out of untalented people unworthy of fame, infamous figures, or both; and that they glamorize vulgarity.	31_4	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Many shows focus on wealth and conspicuous consumption, including Platinum Weddings, and My Super Sweet 16, which documented huge coming of age celebrations thrown by wealthy parents.	31_4	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	In one study, participants who admitted to watching more reality television were more likely to proceed with a desired plastic surgery than those who watched less [ref].	31_4	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	In many special-living documentary programs, hidden cameras are set up all over the residence in order to capture moments missed by the regular camera crew, or intimate bedroom footage.	31_4	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Other shows, though not hoax shows per se, have offered misleading information to some cast members in order to add a wrinkle to the competition.	31_4	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	A good deal of what is on TV can be very useful to the viewer.	100_16	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality shows also reflect a more diverse nation.	100_16	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	It provokes a conversation and it gets us talking.	100_16	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	He argues that antifeminists consider the traditional gender division of labor as natural and inevitable, perhaps also divinely sanctioned.	43_6	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Some antifeminists argue that a change of women's roles is a destructive force that endangers the family, or is contrary to religious morals.	43_6	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	For example, Paul Gottfried maintains that the change of women's roles has been a social disaster that continues to take its toll on the family and contributed to a descent by increasingly disconnected individuals into social chaos.	43_6	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	What they opposed was women participating in the political sphere.	43_6	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Some argued that women were already overburdened.	43_6	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	The majority of them, however, argued that a woman's participation in the political realm would hinder her participation in social and civic duties.	43_6	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	If they won the right to vote, women would consequently have to align with a particular party, which would destroy their ability to be politically neutral.	43_6	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Over the last 20 years, however, more and more cities have begun to impose youth curfews.	66_6	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	93% of the cities that have a youth curfew in place believe that it is a useful tool for police officers to prevent juveniles from becoming victims.	66_6	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Not every community believes that a youth curfew is a useful tool, however, and the most common reason is that it removes parental control.	66_6	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	All youth are affected by a curfew, not just those who break the law, and in some communities the curfew just creates more crime that must be handled.	66_6	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	86% of cities in a 1995 survey stated that they believed enforcing their youth curfews helped to make the streets safer for all of their residents.	66_6	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	83% of cities in this same survey also stated that having a curfew in place was an effective tool to help curb gang violence activities.	66_6	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	For other communities where youth delinquency is a minimal problem at best, the teenage curfews are seen by many households as a punitive measure that restricts the rights of teens that have no history of delinquency.	66_6	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	The reality of the teenage curfew, however, is that it may not be as effective as some people think it may be.	66_6	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Teenage curfews need to be consistently enforced in order for them to be effective, yet there is still a question about how legal it is to restrict the rights of someone to be able to enjoy their community.	66_6	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	With 10% of curfew cities seeing rises in teen crime and another 11% seeing no change at all, it is clear to see that teenage curfew isn’t always as effective as it appears to be on paper.	66_6	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Another 23% of cities stated that the increased costs of enforcing the curfew made it difficult to have the laws be effective.	66_6	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Poverty and dropouts are inextricably connected in the three primary settings affecting healthy child and adolescent development: families, schools and communities.	90_6	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	While family poverty is clearly related to dropping out, poverty associated with schools and communities also contributes to the dropout crisis.	90_6	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Disadvantaged communities influence child and adolescent development through the lack of resources (playgrounds and parks, after-school programs) or negative peer influences (Leventhal & Brooks-Gunn, 2000).	90_6	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Social Capital and Poor Communities shows the significant achievements that can be made through collective strategies, which empower the poor to become active partners in revitalizing their neighborhoods.	90_6	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	This growth has created numerous challenges and controversies, including boycotts, doping, bribery, and a terrorist attack in 1972.	3_1	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Every two years the Olympics and its media exposure provide athletes with the chance to attain national and sometimes international fame.	3_1	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Games also constitute an opportunity for the host city and country to showcase themselves to the world.	3_1	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Where ambitious construction for the 1976 games in Montreal and 1980 games in Moscow had saddled organisers with expenses greatly in excess of revenues, 1984 host Los Angeles strictly controlled expenses by using existing facilities that were paid for by corporate sponsors.	3_1	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Budget overruns are common for the Games.	3_1	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Many economists are sceptical about the economic benefits of hosting the Olympic Games, emphasising that such mega-events often have large costs while yielding relatively few tangible benefits in the long run [ref].	3_1	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Conversely hosting (or even bidding for) the Olympics appears to increase the host country's exports, as the host or candidate country sends a signal about trade openness when bidding to host the Games [ref].	3_1	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Moreover, research suggests that hosting the Summer Olympics has a strong positive effect on the philanthropic contributions of corporations headquartered in the host city, which seems to benefit the local nonprofit sector.	3_1	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	This finding suggests that hosting the Olympics might create opportunities for cities to influence local corporations in ways that benefit the local nonprofit sector and civil society [ref].	3_1	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Games have also had significant negative effects on host communities; for example, the Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions reports that the Olympics displaced more than two million people over two decades, often disproportionately affecting disadvantaged groups [ref].	3_1	-1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	GROWING MARKET FOR HUMAN ORGANS EXPLOITS POOR	58_6	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	Organ brokers typically snag the unwitting sellers through deceptive advertisements.	58_6	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	The legislative intent behind the use of a teenage curfew is to maintain specific social order goals.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	By making it illegal for teens under the age of 18 to be out during this time, officials hope to prevent the number of crimes that involve juveniles from increasing, protect kids from potential predators, and maintain general peace during hours when people need to rest.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	It provides an element of safety for the teens and their community.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	The presence of teenage curfew laws works to prevent this issue from occurring, especially for girls between the ages of 12-17, because it stops predators from having easy access to them while on the street.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	These laws work to teach teens about responsibility.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	By having a teenage curfew law in place, a community works to create a specific time each night when families can get together to discuss what is happening in their family.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Although these conversations don’t guarantee that a teen might decide to start making choices on their own, it does give them a safe place to be while learning how to be responsible for their choices.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	It offers peace of mind for the parents and guardians.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	With adult supervision becoming necessary with these laws at a restricted time for anyone under the age of 18, then it lessens the risk of having something terrible happen when response times may not be fast.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Teenage curfew laws help kids to understand boundaries.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	It is a way to reinforce the boundaries that parents set in the home while fostering the independent spirit of teenagers as they work to discover who they are as a person.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	The presence of a juvenile curfew provides an extra level of structure so that a random situation which could leave an adverse effect has less of a chance to happen.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Curfews have a negligible effect on crime in a community.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Information on teenage curfews that dates back to 1983 continues to show that the impact of this policy on our community has a negligible effect in the reduction of juvenile crime.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Their report states that the presence of a curfew can actually increase the number of crimes that a community experiences from teenage offenders.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	It encourages a system of autocratic, authoritarian parenting.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	By creating instructions which demand compliance where the only reward is that you don’t get in trouble, families often find that the presence of a teenage curfew creates more rebellion then it does community safety awareness.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Teens become a scapegoat for everything wrong that happens in a community.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	In addition to the failures of reducing juvenile crime, a teenage curfew law invites unfair enforcement because it allows police officers to target people based on their looks, race, or views on life.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Mayor Ted Green of Orange, NJ, told The Marshall Project in 2018 that the purpose of their curfew is safety.	66_3	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	It can create a false sense of security.	66_3	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Curfew laws don’t prepare teens for how the real world operates.	66_3	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Every woman should have the right to control what happens with her own body.	43_11	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Thus, a woman should have the right to decide what will or will not happen in her womb.	43_11	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	If a life cannot live outside of a womb, it should not have rights that outweigh that of the woman carrying it.	43_11	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized tests are arbitrary	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized tests are inherently arbitrary.	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The result is an inherently unrepresentative test which fails to paint an accurate picture.	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	By contrast, looking at their entire academic record ensures that admissions officers will get a far more comprehensive picture of their actual ability.	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized Tests are skewed in favour of the wealthy	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized tests are inherently skewed in favour of high-income students.	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	As a consequence, eliminating easily tutored standardized tests helps even the playing field between richer and poorer students.	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized tests discriminate against minorities	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized tests exaggerate small differences in performance	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The large number of students who now take tests like the SATs results in a situation in which the scoring scale magnifies small differences in performance into large differences in scores.	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized tests result in teachers “teaching the test”	62_5	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The SATs are the only part of the application to a university that every single applicant will likely have been taken, and therefore the only one where all applicants can be objectively compared.	62_5	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	This is why they are so popular, they provide a benchmark of comparison across the whole education system in a way that any non-standardized assessment never could.	62_5	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	This does not only benefit universities in providing an objective measure to compare admissions candidates but it also gives the government statistics with which to measure the progress of schools.	62_5	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Any other form of assessment would mean switching to much more subjective factors.	62_5	-1
C	Should we support family education	Some parents homeschool in order to have greater control over what and how their children are taught, to cater more adequately to an individual child's aptitudes and abilities, to provide instruction from a specific religious or moral position, and to take advantage of the efficiency of one-to-one instruction and thus allow the child to spend more time on childhood activities, socializing, and non-academic learning.	72_1	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal testing has contributed to many life-saving cures and treatments.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The California Biomedical Research Association states that nearly every medical breakthrough in the last 100 years has resulted directly from research using animals [ref].	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals are appropriate research subjects because they are similar to human beings in many ways.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals must be used in cases when ethical considerations prevent the use of human subjects.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals themselves benefit from the results of animal testing.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals often make better research subjects than human beings because of their shorter life cycles.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal researchers treat animals humanely, both for the animals’ sake and to ensure reliable test results.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals do not have rights, therefore it is acceptable to experiment on them.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Some cosmetics and health care products must be tested on animals to ensure their safety.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Religious traditions allow for human dominion over animals.	17_11	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal testing is cruel and inhumane.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Alternative testing methods now exist that can replace the need for animals.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals are very different from human beings and therefore make poor test subjects.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Drugs that pass animal tests are not necessarily safe.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal tests may mislead researchers into ignoring potential cures and treatments.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal tests do not reliably predict results in human beings.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal tests are more expensive than alternative methods and are a waste of government research dollars.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Most experiments involving animals are flawed, wasting the lives of the animal subjects.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animals can suffer like humans do, so it is speciesism to experiment on them while we refrain from experimenting on humans.	17_11	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Medical breakthroughs involving animal research may still have been made without the use of animals.	17_11	1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	A house and a ceremony are very important, acknowledges Li Xin, a 20-something customer service agent who married her husband, Li Lian, without either earlier this year.	112_4	-1
C	Should we promote naked marriage?	We both believe it's more important to find the right person than to find the right house, says Ms. Li.	112_4	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality television shows have faced speculation that the participants themselves are involved in fakery, acting out storylines that have been planned in advance by producers [ref].	100_2	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Writers for reality television do not receive union pay-scale compensation and union representation, which significantly decreases expenditures for producers and broadcasters [ref].	100_2	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality television has the potential to turn its participants into national celebrities, at least for a short period.	100_2	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Some have claimed that the success of reality television is due to its ability to provide schadenfreude, by satisfying the desire of viewers to see others humiliated.	100_2	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	In an interview with the Denver Post, child psychologist Alan Zimmerman said, Using your family or children to please the masses, or producers of mass entertainment who want ratings and a good bottom line, is inherently risky […] They are by definition a commodity in a profit-oriented business.	100_2	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The new policy allowing Chinese couples to have two children was proposed in order to help address the aging issue in China [ref].	1_4	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	According to The Economist, the new two-child policy may have negative implications on gender roles, with new expectations for women to bear more children and to abandon their careers [ref].	1_4	-1
C	Should we support family education	Child has special needs	72_8	1
C	Should we support family education	Child has a physical or mental health problem	72_8	1
C	Should we support family education	A homeschooling family can typically do more field trips and visit more places than traditional schools [ref].	72_8	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	In contrast to these possible causes of abnormal sex ratio, Klasen and Wink suggest India and China's high sex ratios are primarily the result of sex-selective abortion [ref].	96_7	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Also this is bad for tourism in some parts, caterers are financially damaged by these new laws that suggest them to provide services to only one part of both residents and tourists.	65_12	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	nevertheless, smoking still has some positive aspect to economic sides.	65_12	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	The smoke bothers every non-smoker.	65_12	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	People feel valued and appreciated when they receive recognition for their hard work.	87_10	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	The greatest self discovery and personal growth can come from working with an expert pageant coach who understands in depth how to use pageantry as a tool to develop the excellence within you.	87_10	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Recognition, personal development, communication skills, confidence and handling the stress, pressure and disappointments in life are the benefits you’ll take with you from doing pageants.	87_10	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	When someone enters a beauty pageant their communication skills are given the opportunity to flourish.	87_10	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Recently, however, surrogacy has re-emerged in the national conversation, this time as a perfectly normal option for couples who can’t otherwise have children.	114_10	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	The anti-surrogacy lobby believes that the whole practice should be outlawed because it turns, in their eyes, children into commodities.	114_10	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	It is not commoditising – people wouldn’t do surrogacy if they didn’t need to.”	114_10	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Detractors also argue that surrogacy is motivated by money – and that makes poor women vulnerable.	114_10	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	“Most of the public don’t realise that [an IVF-based] surrogate pregnancy is more risky than a natural pregnancy,” she said.	114_10	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	It must be stated right from the outset that there are no true “pros” of surrogacy; the act is considered gravely immoral and may not be entered into under any circumstances.	114_10	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	1.Surrogacy allows otherwise infertile couples to have a biologically related child.	114_10	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	There are cases where surrogacy is the only way that a couple can have a biologically related child.	114_10	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Some think surrogacy is faster than adoption.	114_10	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	All forms of surrogacy require in vitro fertilization or artificial insemination, which are themselves immoral.	114_10	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	The Catechism of the Catholic Church explains that in vitro fertilization and other such reproductive technologies are morally unacceptable:	114_10	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Surrogacy is essentially the same, in most instances, as child trafficking, apart from the timing.	114_10	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	In the case of partial and full surrogacy, the surrogate is essentially selling their own child.	114_10	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Super Girl has also been criticized by non-government commentators for creating seemingly impossible ideals that may be harmful to Chinese youth [ref].	31_10	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	However, Eko Nugroho, reality show producer and president of Dreamlight World Media, insists that these reality shows are not promoting American lifestyles but rather reaching people through their universal desires [ref].	31_10	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Reality television has the potential to turn its participants into national celebrities, at least for a short period.	31_10	-1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Reality TV contestants are sometimes derided as Z-list celebrities, Bravolebrities, and/or nonebrities who are effectively famous for being famous, yet who have done nothing to warrant this sudden fame.	31_10	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Some have claimed that the success of reality television is due to its ability to provide schadenfreude, by satisfying the desire of viewers to see others humiliated.	31_10	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Media analyst Tom Alderman wrote, There is a sub-set of Reality TV that can only be described as Shame TV because it uses humiliation as its core appeal [ref].	31_10	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	The 2009 balloon boy hoax, in which a father pretended that his six-year-old son was caught in an out-of-control helium balloon, reportedly in order to get publicity in order to get the family back into the reality-show business (after two appearances on ABC's Wife Swap), also raised questions about the exploitation of children.	31_10	1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	The advantage of good publicity is that even if the movie fails to meet the audience’s standards, with enough curious ticket or other media buyers the Film Making Company can regain its money spent on the campaign, or even gain some profit out of it if they are lucky enough.	99_9	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Major problems continue to beset the repayments system, leading to many thousands of graduates overpaying on their loans.	94_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Achieving this would rid the world of a very serious disease, for which 1 in 1,000 cases is fatal.	70_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	“People would educate themselves about vaccines and make the best decision for their children and for themselves.	70_4	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Widely used vaccines have excellent safety records.	70_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	In terms of improving public health, vaccination is second only to providing clean drinking water.	70_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Proponents of mandatory vaccination argue that despite what is arguably a removal of individual freedom, the ethical justification for intervention is twofold.	70_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The first argument is that the state is acting to prevent parents from making decisions on behalf of their children that unnecessarily expose them to the risk of infectious disease.	70_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The second argument is that failure to vaccinate not only puts the unvaccinated individual at risk, but also anyone they come into contact with — including those too young to be immunized and people who, for medical reasons, cannot be vaccinated.	70_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The decision to make vaccination mandatory is therefore a decision to impose some form of penalty on those who do not follow the law.	70_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	For these reasons, Bedford and others argue that punitive mandates can lead to disadvantaged groups bearing the brunt of financial and social penalties.	70_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting is a very dangerous event, with most matadors sustaining serious injuries over their careers.	54_9	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	There is a great deal of controversy around bullfighting, with many animal rights activists seeing it as a cruel tradition.	54_9	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Animal rights supporters say that bullfighting being a cultural tradition is no excuse for the cruelty of the event.	54_9	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting brings economic benefits in the form of tourism and the entertainment industry.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	In Spain, bullfighting is funded with public money and provides a significant economic boost as well as employing thousands.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It is also argued that fighting bulls have better lives than cows bred for meat.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	For us, it's an art.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It's combination of an artistic part and a technical part.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	And it's very important, this tradition, Olteanu says.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	For us, [bullfighting is] an art.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It's combination of an artistic part and a technical part.	54_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	And it's very important, this tradition.	54_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	We believe that the death punishment must remain legal and that it assumes an important job in our battle against wrongdoing and the punishment of the perpetrators of those violations.	68_11	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The death punishment always goes about as a deterrent.	68_11	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	That is the reason the death punishment is a reasonable and proportionate reaction to the homicide, yet not to assault, however savage it might be, the place the unfortunate casualty does not lose his life.	68_11	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	If there is no punishment or there is no reasonable dimension of punishment, there is no reasonable deterrent to anticipate murder.	68_11	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Lifelong sentences for guilty parties who should await the death punishment are an out of line financial burden for the state.	68_11	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The death punishment isn’t essentially unreasonable to poor people.	68_11	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	One reason why people require the nullification of the death punishment is the danger of wrongful conviction.	68_11	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The death punishment is the principle good and rational reaction to specific violations.	68_11	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	What could be a punishment other than death could prompt the renunciation of the blamed’s blame, permit appropriate punishment and go about as a deterrent to other people who wish to commit such violations.	68_11	-1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	It’s no exaggeration to say that what the dogs suffer is indeed “torture.” However, we believe it’s more likely that this torture is due to cruel catching, transportation and slaughter – rather than deliberate desire to prolong the pain of the dog for gratification, entertainment or to improve the dish in any way.	97_6	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	Public pressure is already doing that and is very literally saving lives in the process.	97_6	1
C	Should boxing be banned	In Ancient Greece boxing was a well developed sport and enjoyed consistent popularity.	50_1	-1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	The advertising frequently does not disclose its source [ref].	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Often used in cosmetic and weight loss commercials [ref], these adverts portray false and unobtainable results to the consumer and give a false impression of the product's true capabilities.	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	An ad may omit or skim over important information.	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Hidden fees can be a way for companies to trick the unwary consumer into paying excess fees (for example tax, shipping fees, insurance etc.)	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Misleading health claims	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Therefore, by highlighting certain contents or ingredients is misleading consumers into thinking they are buying healthy when in fact they are not [ref].	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	, as any product that is intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease must undergo FDA testing and approval, which is usually very expensive.False drug advertisements can affect the health of people.	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Puffing or puffery is the act of exaggerating a product's worth through the use of meaningless unsubstantiated terms, based on opinion rather than fact [ref], and in some cases through the manipulation of data [ref].	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Misleading illustrations	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	When used to make people think food is riper, fresher, or otherwise healthier than it really is, food coloring can be a form of deception.	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Angel dusting is a process where an ingredient which would be beneficial, in a reasonable quantity, is instead added in an insignificant quantity which will have no consumer benefit, so they can make the claim that it contains that ingredient, and mislead the consumer into expecting that they will gain the benefit.	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	A company will advertise their product at a very cheap and enticing price which will attract the customers (bait).	37_10	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Similarly, a ‘free trial’ is an advertising manoeuvre to have consumers become hands-on with the products or services before purchase, without any money spent but a free trial in exchange for credit cards details cannot be stated as a free trial, as there is a component of expenditure [ref].	37_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Gay men and lesbians form stable, committed relationships that are equivalent to heterosexual relationships in essential respects [ref].	20_4	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	Moving children too quickly into new adoptive homes among strangers may be a mistake because it may turn out that the parents survived and were unable to find the children or there may be a relative or neighbor who can offer shelter and homes.	73_5	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	“This means that donor-conceived children who were born after 1998 have a legal right to access information about their donor,” Karin Hammarberg told Reuters Health by email.	104_7	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	It was also suggested that the government change the law to allow everyone conceived through sperm and egg donations to find information about their donor - including pre-1998 donors who thought they could stay anonymous, she said.	104_7	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	The rest of the donors rejected the recommendation, saying it would violate the terms of a contract and undermine trust in privacy and confidentiality guarantees.	104_7	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Many of them thought revealing their identities to donor children would harm them and their families.	104_7	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	About half of the donors who rejected the recommendation were themselves willing to supply information to their donor offspring.	104_7	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Of those who have been told that they were conceived with the help of a donor, some are likely to have a strong wish to know the identity of their donors,” Hammarberg said.	104_7	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Cohen said there’s evidence that requiring donor identification will lead to a reduction in the number of donors, resulting in longer waiting periods.	104_7	-1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	On the institutional level, big corporations and financial institutions use the internet to exchange financial data to facilitate domestic and international business.	109_1	1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	The Czech Republic is the European country where ecommerce delivers the biggest contribution to the enterprisesÂ´ total revenue.	109_1	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	These findings are consistent with the interpretation that locally originated smoking bans have little effect, but smoking bans that are imposed on a community by a higher jurisdiction can have a detrimental economic impact.	65_6	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Participants believed that sex education is an important means to gain knowledge, particularly compared to learning from parents or peers.	46_10	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Overall, participants believed that if sex education was provided, the sensitivity surrounding sexuality would decline and people could speak openly about it.	46_10	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Also, some participants believed that providing primary information about sexuality will stimulate individuals’ curiosity to search for more sexuality information.	46_10	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Several participants stated that sex education could destroy modesty.	46_10	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	People think if sex education is provided, sexual chaos will happen and people will not able to control themselves.	46_10	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Although, it could not be true for all people and all societies, what is obvious is that people feel more freedom and it could destroy sexual abstinence and modesty’ (ind.inw).	46_10	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Some participants believed that one of bad effects of sex education could be tainting modesty, which may provide a justification for premarital sexual behaviors.	46_10	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	They thought sex education might provide a license for avoiding abstinence and destroying modesty.	46_10	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	“‘It’s Just So Much Waste.’ A Qualitative Investigation of Food Waste in a Universal Free School Breakfast Program”	57_9	-1
C	Does discipline limit the development of personality	Child discipline can involve rewards and punishments to teach self-control, increase desirable behaviors and decrease undesirable behaviors in children.	105_4	-1
C	Does discipline limit the development of personality	The reasoning behind it is that while punitive measures may stop the problem behavior in the short term, by themselves they do not provide a learning opportunity that allows children the autonomy to change their own behavior.	105_4	1
C	Does discipline limit the development of personality	However, studies show that this type of punishment ultimately causes the children to have more psychological problems in their adolescence and adulthood.	105_4	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	But gradually the awareness of what actually happens at a bullfight has increased, ripping away the idea that bullfighting is ‘art’ and exposing it for the cruel sport that it really is.	54_7	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	But it still continues in nine countries - each year tens of thousands of bulls are maimed, tortured and killed for entertainment in Spain, Portugal, France, Colombia, Mexico, USA, Venezuela, Ecuador and Peru.	54_7	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Although some variations of these do not always involve the drawing of blood, the bulls are still abused, stressed and exhausted, and often still killed in private rather than in public.	54_7	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	In the USA and Ecuador some other types of so called “bloodless bullfights” have been developed, but we believe that they are all still cruel.	54_7	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	The animals involved in bullfighting suffer immensely, and all in the name of human entertainment, with a false claim that this public torture or execution has become ‘art’ and ‘cultural heritage’ that needs preserving .	54_7	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	The pro-bullfighting lobby would have us believe that the ritualised execution of a condemned bull is ‘art and culture, a magical rite, a just and honourable way of life where man and bull combine to create unique and unrepeatable moments’.	54_7	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Recently YouTube closed down channels devoted to Spain’s national fiesta, removing content showing bloody scenes of bulls being lanced by picadors, which it publicly categorised as animal abuse.	54_7	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	There's Now Evidence That Online Dating Causes Stronger, More Diverse Marriages	106_7	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	After reviewing data on how various kinds of relationships were forming in the wake on online dating, Ortega said, It seemed like it was changing not just the number of interracial marriages, but also how we meet our spouses, and having other big consequences.	106_7	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Based on 2013 data from the National Academy of Sciences, they also discovered that marriages created online were less likely to break up within the first year, while such partners reported a higher degree of satisfaction, too.	106_7	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	We found that online dating corresponds with way more interracial marriages, and way stronger marriages, from a mathematics perspective, Ortega said.	106_7	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Online dating is seen as too superfluous and trivial, he added, and it has more important effects than most of us expected.	106_7	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	“What is wrong if we use that ivory or those horns to collect revenue and improve the maintenance of national parks [and the] lives of the communities around them?” Mnangagwa said.	63_6	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	African elephants were placed on Appendix I of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) in 1990, meaning commercial trade in wild-caught specimens is illegal.	63_6	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Botswana, Namibia, Zimbabwe and Zambia defend their argument to be allowed to trade ivory on the basis that legal sales will eliminate illegal markets and that the money raised will fund wildlife protection.	63_6	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	“Something close to 20 other African nations, led by Kenya, believe a legal trade helps drive demand for ivory to the point where it overwhelms frameworks and institutions put in place to manage that legal trade,” Graham told Mongabay.	63_6	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	“That fuels a destructive illegal trade that is controlled by dangerous criminal syndicates, corrupts national institutions, puts wildlife rangers and conservationists in the line of fire, and will ultimately lead to the extinction of elephants in the wild.” Graham added that discussions about the ivory trade, or the broader utilization of wildlife, are, at their core, discussions about funding, or the lack of it.	63_6	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Researchers from the U.S. National Bureau of Economic Research have argued that the 2008 legalization of ivory sales was linked to an increase in black market trafficking in ivory.	63_6	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	“We are not keen on reopening the ivory trade, even if it is one-off sales, because it reopens markets that are closed and awakens a voracious appetite for ivory that cannot be quenched by existing ivory.	63_6	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Demand for ivory results in the needless slaughter of elephants around the continent.”	63_6	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	While it is true that deforestation harms the planet and poses huge environmental risks, no one is tearing down forests simply for the joy of cutting down trees.	123_8	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Lumber harvest and production and the creation of other wood products account for a large portion of our economy, and without those wood products, the economy would suffer serious consequences.	123_8	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	These projects create jobs, provide housing, and most importantly, provide income and allow people to take care of their families.	123_8	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Chopping down the Amazon rainforest to make way for crops or cattle has no economic or social benefit for local people in the long term, according to a major new study.	123_8	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	But some argue that local communities, which are among the poorest in Brazil, should be able to benefit from the local resources by creating farms or logging the trees.	123_8	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It is generally assumed that replacing the forest with crops and pastureland is the best approach for fulfilling the region's legitimate aspirations to development.	123_8	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Andrew Balmford of the University of Cambridge said that the current boom-and-bust trajectory of Amazonian development is therefore undesirable in human terms as well as potentially disastrous for other species, and for the world's climate.	123_8	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The detractors of death penalty term it as obsolete, barbaric and an uncivilised act unworthy of a country like ours.	68_12	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Indian law recognises the right to life as a general rule and death penalty is a remote exception to this general rule.	68_12	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	It may be naive to suggest that capital punishment does not act as a deterrent.	68_12	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The fear of death does play on the human psychology and it does have a deterrent effect.	68_12	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Capital punishment has its efficacy and ought to be imposed only in the rarest of cases in accordance with the procedure prescribed by law.	68_12	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	While some producers do gain, the evidence clearly shows that overall production, including the production of exports, suffers when countries adopt isolationist policies.	12_7	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	We do believe that investment by multinationals helps alleviate shortages of capital, spreads technology between countries, and provides employment and income for the workers.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Krueger (1995) makes a forceful case that globalization is important for developing nations.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The rate of per capita economic growth is faster in open economies, with the top quartile growing at 1.95% per year in the 1990's and the bottom quartile growing at just 0.38%.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Moreover, the prosperity that openness brings is shared throughout the income distribution.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Contrary to the claims of globalization=s opponents, there is simply no statistical evidence that globalization is contributing to a narrower distribution of income.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Table 1 also shows that infant mortality is much lower and life expectancy is over 14 years greater in more open economies compared with comparatively closed economies.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Another line of argument frequently advanced by opponents of globalization is that free trade may lead to higher incomes but it is a threat to democracy, as nations consider the interests of global capital markets and multinationals instead of the interests of local citizens.	12_7	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	First, openness leads to higher incomes, as we have shown above.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Second, globalization increases the flow not just of goods and services around the globe but of information.	12_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Clearly, more open economies also enjoy greater civil liberties and political freedoms.	12_7	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Studying maths until the end of sixth form would benefit both scientists and non-scientists, says Alice Udale-Smith	53_6	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Employers and universities are demanding improved maths skills among school leavers.	53_6	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Maths is seen as difficult and intimidating by many.	53_6	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	However maths is core to modern science and a student who has not studied it post-16 is at a huge disadvantage.	53_6	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Even if you're certain you don't want to pursue the subject academically however, a basic level of numeracy is invaluable.	53_6	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Maths enables you to understand the statistics used in the news, make sense of the economy, medicine and law.	53_6	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Without the capacity to deal with numbers you're placed at a disadvantage socially and financially.	53_6	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	In some[quantify] authoritarian countries, reality-television voting has provided the first opportunity for many citizens to voted in any free and fair wide-scale elections.	31_6	-1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	The show became popular in Arab countries, with around 18 million viewers [ref], partly because it was able to combine the excitement of reality television with a traditional, culturally relevant topic [ref].	31_6	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	The school leaving age should be raised to 18 to combat rising youth unemployment, a former economic adviser to the Bank of England has demanded.	124_3	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Raising the school leaving age to 18 is an economic and social no-brainer, he says.	124_3	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Speaking for the proposition, both Barry Sheerman MP (Chairman of the Children, Schools and Families Select Committee) and SMF Director Ann Rossiter, were adamant that raising the participation age was essential to create equality of opportunity, with the commitment to everyone having the chance to make the most of the doors that can be opened through Further Education.	124_3	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	They argued that should the school leaving age be raised, truancy and disaffection with education will only get worse.	124_3	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Christopher Ferguson, a psychologist well known for his video game research, conducted a study in which results suggest that violent games reduce depression and hostile feelings in players through mood management [ref].	14_8	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Conversely, playing violent video games had significantly more hurtful behaviors in children than the children who played prosocial games.	14_8	1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Proponents of disarmament typically condemn a priori the threat or use of nuclear weapons as immoral and argue that only total disarmament can eliminate the possibility of nuclear war.	119_8	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	During a 2010 lecture at the University of Missouri, which was broadcast by C-Span, Dr. Mueller has also argued that the threat from nuclear weapons, including that from terrorists, has been exaggerated, both in the popular media, and by officials [ref].	119_8	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	A HERITAGE should be protected and passed down on to future generations.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	It is not fair that our children will not get to enjoy the beautiful sights of icebergs and penguins.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	A heritage should be protected and passed down on to future generations.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	And unless this fundamental problem is resolved first exploitation of Antarctica will only enrich the already rich.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	This means that the reserve in Antarctica is going to run out sooner or later.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	And this will continue and perpetuate into a vicious cycle where the only way for mankind to survive is to suck our planet dry until there is nothing left.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Especially when as in the status quo the finite amount will run out soon.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The Proposition shamelessly argues: because fishing and touring under effective regulation are only causing minor environmental harm (which is a false premise), opening Antarctica up for further exploitation will not be a problem.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	First, tourism and fishing are not equivalents of resource exploitation in the sense of extracting oil and water.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	At the same time, we will be losing an ecological heritage.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Second, even tourism and fishing under strict restrictions have entailed severe side-effects.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Therefore unless this flaw is remedied first, there is no point in mining for more resources in Antarctica, at least no point for countries like Tonga.	60_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	One Antarctica has an extremely harsh climate and terrain, mining for resources there already poses huge costs.	60_7	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing is a long-standing, popular, and well-respected sport, with many of the greatest sportsmen of all time originating from the ring.	50_9	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	As a sport, boxing is inherently violent.	50_9	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Concerning the argument for boxing being a bad influence on children, it is in-fact troubled youngsters that find the greatest solace and return from getting involved in boxing.	50_9	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	The source also cites Brendan Ingle’s saying, scribed below the base of his gym’s sign, which reads: “Boxing can seriously damage your health, but teaches self-discipline and gets you fit.	50_9	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	The sound reasoning to ban boxing originates from the injuries inflicted on participants, such as that Nick Blackwell sustained against Eubank Jr., and these calls have come from the British, American, Canadian and Australian Medical Associations – according to Live Strong.	50_9	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	This problem is a warning for the increase in plagiarism, leading to the lack of creativity.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Things get easier in a way that it becomes a hindrance for learning and creativity.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Students are considered to be most bullied on the Internet.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Waste Of Time	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	As the result, their academic result goes down gradually while the electronic bill payment keeps increasing.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Privacy Disrupted	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Their privacy stands a risk of being disrupted and hindered.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	And the powerful global system, the Internet, somehow is one of the reasons for insomnia.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The eye strain will happen after a long time looking at the screen.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	When people use the Internet a lot, they will lack time for physical activities such as playing sports.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Moreover, because the Internet makes everything available, it also reduces the need for these activities.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The emphasis on the Internet use should be reduced or, sooner or later, these negative effects of Internet will lead to mental health problems in students and teenagers.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The Internet addiction is not less dangerous than other types of addiction.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Not only being lured by these above factors, many students and teenagers come to the Internet as a way to hide from the real world.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The dangerous problem of internet addiction is not only about their life tendency but also their health.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	A study published on March 12, 2010, has shown a positive relationship between the use of the Internet and depression.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	They can find the answer for all the homework without a lot of effort, resulting in an increase cheating, academic fraud, and plagiarism.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Besides many useful and effective things the Internet provides, there is something that can result in moral corruption in teenagers or students, for example, black websites.	108_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The impropriate information absorbed can lead to the wrong mental development.	108_2	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Elsewhere, there are concerns that some installations can negatively affect TV and radio reception and Doppler weather radar, as well as produce excessive sound and vibration levels leading to a decrease in property values [ref].	47_5	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Public perceptions generally improve after wind projects become operational.	47_5	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Wind projects also revitalize the economy of rural communities by providing steady income to farmers and other landowners [ref].	47_5	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Even though a source of renewable energy may last for billions of years, renewable energy infrastructure, like hydroelectric dams, will not last forever, and must be removed and replaced at some point.	47_5	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Although most of today’s electricity comes from large, central-station power plants, renewable energy technologies offer a range of options for generating electricity nearer to where it is needed, saving on the cost of transmitting and distributing power and improving the overall efficiency and reliability of the system [ref].	47_5	1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	This helps keep our community safe [ref].	56_3	1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Facebook's real-name policy does not reflect adopted names or pseudonyms used by the transgender community, and has led to suspending users with real names that might be thought to be fake [ref].	56_3	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Compromise to protect those with special circumstances	56_3	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Although the extensive use of judicial caning is a policy commonly associated with the ruling People's Action Party (PAP), the opposition parties do not oppose it because they agree on its effectiveness as a deterrent to crime [ref].	48_3	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Edmund Ng, a candidate for the Singapore Democratic Alliance in the 2006 general election, said, For criminals, caning serves as a deterrent [...] I would not change a winning formula [ref].	48_3	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	The term ESL has been seen by some to indicate that English would be of subordinate importance; for example, where English is used as a lingua franca in a multilingual country.	27_1	1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	The terms English language learners (ELL), and, more recently, English learners (EL), have been used instead, and the students' native languages and cultures are considered important [ref].	27_1	-1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	The English language has great reach and influence, and English is taught all over the world.	27_1	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	As a rising number of couples are opting to get married later in life, both the bride- and groom-to-be have more assets to protect.	52_9	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Pro: A prenup can protect you from your spouse's accumulated debt.	52_9	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Pro: A prenuptial contract can protect valuable assets you want to stay in your family.	52_9	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Con: Your future spouse may be uncomfortable or feel insulted, particularly if he or she is a romantic.	52_9	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	No one wants to lose their business along with their marriage, Freed says.	52_9	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	If fact, all claims of cloning are not legitimate as there has not been any verification or evidence that show that a successful clone has been made as of late 2018.	44_4	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	College institutions are adapting many social media platforms into their educational systems to improve communication with students and the overall quality of student life [ref].	40_2	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	It provides colleges with an easy fast method of communication and allows them to give and receive feedback to students.	40_2	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	Social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube are widely used by educational institutions to make connecting with students and providing information convenient.	40_2	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	Use of social media in education has helped some educators mentor their students more effectively [ref].	40_2	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	Parents, students, and teachers are using social media to connect and communicate inside and outside the classroom.	40_2	1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	Zehra Mohsin, Falak Jamil, and Bhamani study focused that students usually waste their time when they work on their social media profiles.	40_2	-1
C	Should children be allowed to own and use mobile phones	Social Media, however, has a negative aspect due to the fact that it affects relationships with others, people easily get distracted, and may cause cyber bullying [ref].	40_2	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The National Stroke Association estimates this higher amount of alcohol increases stroke risk by 50% [ref].	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol abuse is associated with widespread and significant brain lesions.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Excessive alcohol intake is associated with impaired prospective memory.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The elderly are the most sensitive to the toxic effects of alcohol on the brain [ref].	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Essential tremors—or, in the case of essential tremors on a background of family history of essential tremors, familial tremors—can be temporarily relieved in up to two-thirds of patients by drinking small amounts of alcohol [ref].	88_7	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Chronic use of alcohol used to induce sleep can lead to insomnia: frequent moving between sleep stages occurs, with awakenings due to headaches and diaphoresis.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol misuse is associated with a number of mental health disorders and alcoholics have a very high suicide rate [ref].	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Social skills are significantly impaired in people suffering from alcoholism due to the neurotoxic effects of alcohol on the brain, especially the prefrontal cortex area of the brain.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Another study has shown that alcohol use is a significant predisposing factor towards antisocial behavior in children [ref].	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Chronic alcohol misuse can cause psychotic type symptoms to develop, more so than with other drugs of abuse.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	However, moderate wine drinking has been shown to lower the risk for depression [ref].	88_7	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A national survey (NHANES) conducted in the U.S. concluded, Mild to moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome, with a favorable influence on lipids, waist circumference, and fasting insulin.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Research has found that drinking reduces the risk of developing gallstones.	88_7	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcoholic liver disease is a major public health problem.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol affects the nutritional state of the chronic drinkers.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A study on the common cold found that Greater numbers of alcoholic drinks (up to three or four per day) were associated with decreased risk for developing colds because drinking was associated with decreased illness following infection.	88_7	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Children raised in alcoholic families have the potential to suffer emotional distress as they move into their own committed relationships.	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A study conducted in Germany in 2016 found the economic burden for those dependent on alcohol was 50% higher than those who were not [ref].	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol consumption can also affect the immune system and produce complications in people suffering from HIV, pneumonia, and tuberculosis [ref].	88_7	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Indirect costs due to alcohol dependence are significant.	88_7	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	When mathematical structures are good models of real phenomena, mathematical reasoning can be used to provide insight or predictions about nature.	53_1	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics is essential in many fields, including natural science, engineering, medicine, finance, and the social sciences.	53_1	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics has since been greatly extended, and there has been a fruitful interaction between mathematics and science, to the benefit of both.	53_1	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	At first these were found in commerce, land measurement, architecture and later astronomy; today, all sciences suggest problems studied by mathematicians, and many problems arise within mathematics itself.	53_1	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The harmful use of animals in experiments is not only cruel but also often ineffective.	17_1	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Yet, such experiments belittle the complexity of human conditions which are affected by wide-ranging variables such as genetics, socio-economic factors, deeply-rooted psychological issues and different personal experiences.	17_1	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Not only are time, money and animals’ lives being wasted (with a huge amount of suffering), but effective treatments are being mistakenly discarded and harmful treatments are getting through.	17_1	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Unreliable animal testing	17_1	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Testing on monkeys at 500 times the dose given to the volunteers totally failed to predict the dangerous side effects.	17_1	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Due to the many important differences between monkeys and humans in brain structure and function, data collected from monkeys used in neuroscience research are misleading and of poor relevance to people, our recent analysis found.	17_1	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	The dog meat trade also poses a threat to public health, with the World Health Organisation warning that the trade spreads rabies and increases the risk of cholera.	97_9	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	As a consequence, males are generally physically stronger than females.	41_9	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	The creation of the internet and its progressive innovations have opened up doors for people to meet other people who they may very well have never met otherwise.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Participating in personal relationships online allow for almost full freedom from power relations in the offline/real world.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	The study also showed that the internet plays a crucial role in most sexual and romantic experiences of adolescent users.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Social networking has enabled people to connect with each other view the internet.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	This connection can lead to more communication between two individuals.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	This interaction can lead to further communication, turning into a friendship or romantic relationship.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Any type of communication via the internet makes a relationship possible.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Even in work settings, the introduction of the internet has established easier and sometimes more practical forms of communicating.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Researcher Cooper, termed this type of relationship as a Triple A Engine implying that internet relationships are accessible, affordable, and anonymous.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Online, barriers that might stand in the way of relationship such as physical attractiveness, social anxiety and stuttering do not exist.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	While online interactions take roughly four times longer than face to face interactions, this gives users the opportunity to evaluate and the time to think, making sure they say the perfect response.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	With the focus on conversation and not appearance, overtime digital interactions will develop higher levels of intimacy than face-to-face interactions.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	The Internet provides the opportunity for misrepresentation, particularly in the early stages of a relationship when commitment is low, and self-presentation and enhancement agendas are paramount.	107_3	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Engaging in internet relationships is also risky because the information placed online about an individual does not have to be accurate.	107_3	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Also, with or without the correct grammar, tone and context can be misunderstood.	107_3	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	The representative limitation of this way of communications is that it cannot contain people's diverse emotions completely, so it can cause diverse misunderstanding between people.	107_3	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Beniger questioned whether these virtual communities were “real” or were pseudo communities, “a pattern relating that, while looking highly interpersonal interaction, is essentially impersonal.” He put forward the idea that in a society within the virtual world, participants lack the necessary honesty it would take to create a “real” virtual community.	107_3	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	In many cases the introduction of the Internet as a social instigator may cause a repercussion leading to a weakening of social ties.	107_3	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	The study discovered that these people who already possessed strong social skills were the ones who received the most beneficial outcome to using the Internet.	107_3	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	This theory was later challenged in a study, by McKenna et al., that indicated that people who are more socially inept use the internet to create an initial contact which allows them to explore their “true self within these interactions.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	These social interactions within cyberspace tend to lead to closer and high quality relationships which influence face-to-face encounters.	107_3	-1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	In essence, these findings meant that although it is not clear whether the internet helps reclusive people develop better social skills, it does allow reclusive people to form relationships that may not have existed otherwise because of their lack of comfort with interpersonal situations in general.	107_3	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	GM food's economic value to farmers is one of its major benefits, including in developing nations [ref].	92_8	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	:12 The potential for genetically modified food to help developing nations was recognised by the International Assessment of Agricultural Science and Technology for Development, but as of 2008 they had found no conclusive evidence of a solution [ref].	92_8	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	GM crops are as natural and safe as today's bread wheat, opined Dr. Borlaug, who also reminded agricultural scientists of their moral obligation to stand up to the antiscience crowd and warn policy makers that global food insecurity will not disappear without this new technology and ignoring this reality would make future solutions all the more difficult to achieve [ref].	92_8	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A 2014 review, concluded that GM crops' effects on farming were positive [ref].	92_8	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	The report concluded that other agricultural methods had made a greater contribution to national crop yield increases in recent years than genetic engineering.	92_8	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	GM crops have been the source of international trade disputes and tensions within food-exporting nations over whether introduction of genetically modified crops would endanger exports to other countries [ref].	92_8	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Some international organizations such as Planned Parenthood consider that broad sex education programs have global benefits, such as controlling the risk of overpopulation and the advancement of women's rights (see also reproductive rights).	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Kearney (2008) also defined sex education as involving a comprehensive course of action by the school, calculated to bring about the socially desirable attitudes, practices and personal conduct on the part of children and adults, that will best protect the individual as a human and the family as a social institution.	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Rubin and Kindendall expressed that sex education is not merely the topics of reproduction and teaching how babies are conceived and born.	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Evidence shows that a combination of comprehensive sex education and access to birth control appears to decrease the rates of unintended pregnancies among teenagers [ref].	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Numerous studies show that curricula providing accurate information about condoms and contraception can lead to reductions in the risky behaviors reported by young people as well as reductions in unintended pregnancies and STIs [ref].	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Also, a U.S. review concludes that the overwhelming weight of evidence shows that sex education that discusses contraception does not increase sexual activity [ref].	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) recommends comprehensive sexuality education, as it enables young people to make informed decisions about their sexuality.	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Taken together, all this information teaches young people the life skills necessary to assume responsibility for their own behavior and to respect the rights of others [ref].	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Comprehensive sexuality education enables young people to make informed decisions about their sexuality and health.	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	These programmes build life skills and increase responsible behaviors, and because they are based on human rights principles, they help advance human rights, gender equality and the empowerment of young people [ref].	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sexual conservatives see knowledge on sex as encouraging adolescents to have sex, and they believe that sex should be taught inside the family in order for their morals to be included in the conversation.	46_1	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sexual education may thus be seen as providing individuals with the knowledge necessary to liberate themselves from socially organized sexual oppression and to make up their own minds.	46_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Sex and relationship experts like Reid Mihalko of Reid About Sex [ref] suggest that open dialogue about physical intimacy and health education can generate more self-esteem, self-confidence, humor, and general health [ref].	46_1	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Online dating apps have been accused of fueling hook-up culture, and killing romance and even the dinner date, but their effects on society are deeper than originally thought.	106_8	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	The rise of internet dating services could be behind stronger marriages, an increase in interracial partnerships, and more connections between people from way outside our social circles, according to a new study by economics professors Josue Ortega at the University of Essex and Philipp Hergovich at the University of Vienna in Austria.	106_8	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Online dating is the second most popular way to meet partners for heterosexual couples and, by far, the most popular form of dating for homosexual partners.	106_8	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	“We don’t always fall in love with our clone so a wider dating net, be it outside of race and ethnicity or tapping into a large LGBTQ pool creates happy unions,” she said.	106_8	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	What’s more, online dating leads to could lead to happier couples, too.	106_8	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	“Our model predicts that, on average, marriages created when online dating becomes available last longer than those created in societies without this technology,” they wrote.	106_8	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Online daters who marry are less likely to break down and are associated with slightly higher marital satisfaction rates than those of couples who met offline, according to a 2013 study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	106_8	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Dating-site questionnaires and match-making algorithms could play a role in finding a more suitable partner, but people who sign up for dating sites are also likely to be ready to get married, Jeffrey A.	106_8	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	However, Chelsea Reynolds an assistant professor of communications at California State University, Fullerton who researches dating behavior, said some of the effects of online dating are less desirable.	106_8	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	“Online dating might introduce an insatiable appetite for variety and novelty — a constant desire for the next best partner, the next quick sexual tryst.”	106_8	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	REPORT FEARS OVER-EXPLOITATION OF ANTARCTIC MARINE RESOURCES	60_3	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Generics tend to be cheaper than brand-name drugs.	61_4	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Generic drugs can be substantively different from their brand-name equivalents.	61_4	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	A generic drug is likely to be made in a different factory from the brand-name drug, with different quality-control mechanisms.	61_4	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	In some cases, the generic might not have the same effect as the brand-name drug	61_4	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	The generic drug does what it’s supposed to do.	61_4	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	And in those cases, the generic might not have the same effect as the brand-name drug.	61_4	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	We are separate individuals, therefore our phones are private	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Checking information can lead to misunderstandings – damaging relationships	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Secretly prying on your partner’s phone implies that you do not trust your partner.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Moreover, checking on information can also lead to misunderstandings, which is damaging to the relationship.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	For a strong and lasting relationship one needs to trust his/her partner and trust them to share information directly.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	More than privacy, it’s a sense of belonging that gets violated	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Neither men nor women should encroach upon their partner’s privacy.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Snooping does nothing for a relationship.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	But looking at your partner’s phone will not give you any satisfaction or awareness, as there are ways to hide your chats/messages/contacts.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Snooping on your partner will not save your relationship either.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	In India, unauthorised access to one’s personal files, documents, photographs may be actionable and lead to a breakdown of relations.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	It can become addictive and feed your voyeuristic tendencies	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	No good can come out of looking at your partner’s phone.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Texts can be read out of context and will leave room for misinterpretation, planting seeds of doubt.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	It is really a breach of trust and if you love and respect your partner, then respect their freedom and privacy.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Allow them the dignity of personal space to think and speak with other people in their lives just the way they want to.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	I think spouses should be aware of each other’s whereabouts as part of caring, and hence checking the mobile doesn’t breach any privacy.	113_2	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Prying on your spouse’s phone does nothing for your relationship.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	It’s an invasion of privacy.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Intimacy in a relationship does not stretch to monitoring your spouse’s email or phone.	113_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	I believe checking your partner’s phone is huge invasion of privacy.	113_2	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Detractors of the gaokao believe the test not only encourages rote educational practices, but places an unhealthy amount of pressure on young students.	62_13	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	However, in recent years, more colleges and universities have been deeming these entrance tests optional or entirely unnecessary, often in order to promote a more diverse applicant pool — and to weed out unfair advantages.	62_8	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The SAT began to follow suit, and over the decades both tests have gone through overhauls with the goal of being an objective representation of a student’s readiness for college.	62_8	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	But the SAT/ACT, ideally, could be a great equalizer.	62_8	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	“The reality that there has been a long-standing and clear racial, gender, and economic bias in both tests is the larger problem,” says one private school teacher in Manhattan (who asked that he not be identified).	62_8	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	“Meanwhile, we find out that rich people are literally buying off proctors and ETS.” ETS claims it’s not a monopoly, saying “there are competitors for most of the testing programs and related products and services we develop,” but the fact is that students can’t get into most schools without taking these tests, and the entire landscape for that test-taking is unfair.	62_8	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	On Reddit, many students have complained about the costs; one was shocked at how much it cost just to register for the SAT subject tests, while another mentioned the cost of taking it internationally (which is almost as much as the test itself) is as much as some teachers in their country make in a month.	62_8	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Though one study, sponsored by College Board, says SAT scores are an important predictor of college performance, other studies say SAT scores aren’t a good predictor of freshman GPAs.	62_8	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	An argument first presented by Judith Jarvis Thomson states that even if the fetus is a person and has a right to life, abortion is morally permissible because a woman has a right to control her own body and its life-support functions.	118_4	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Margaret Sanger wrote: No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether she will or will not be a mother.	118_4	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	From this perspective the right to abortion can be construed to be necessary in order for women to achieve equality with men whose freedom is not nearly so restricted by having children [ref].	118_4	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Some activists and academics, such as Andrea Smith, argue that the criminalization of abortion furthers the marginalization of oppressed groups such as poor women and women of color.	118_4	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	When done correctly by properly trained doctors, abortion is generally safe.	118_4	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The book Abortion and the Conscience of the Nation presents the argument that abortion involves unjust discrimination against the unborn.	118_4	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The argument of deprivation states that abortion is morally wrong because it deprives the fetus of a valuable future [ref].	118_4	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Not all abortions are unjustified according to this argument: abortion would be justified if the same justification could be applied to killing an adult human.	118_4	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Some pro-life supporters argue that if there is uncertainty as to whether the fetus has a right to life, then having an abortion is equivalent to consciously taking the risk of killing another.	118_4	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	One argument used by anti-abortion activists is the slippery slope argument, that normalising and legalising abortion might lead to further killing through euthanasia [ref].	118_4	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Donohue and Levitt's study also noted that states which legalized abortion before the rest of the nation experienced the lowering crime rate pattern earlier, and those with higher abortion rates had more pronounced reductions [ref].	118_4	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The abortion–breast cancer hypothesis posits that induced abortion increases the risk of developing breast cancer [ref].	118_4	1
C	Should we unify the national propositions of the college entrance examination	For illustration purposes, though, the eight years of data charted here is sufficient to show that students from metropolitan Beijing, Shanghai, and Tianjin face a far less competitive environment than their countrymen from neighboring provinces.	116_2	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Rapid deployment of renewable energy and energy efficiency technologies is resulting in significant energy security, climate change mitigation, and economic benefits [ref].	47_1	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	In addition, electrification with renewable energy is more efficient and therefore leads to significant reductions in primary energy requirements.	47_1	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The then United Nations' Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has said that renewable energy has the ability to lift the poorest nations to new levels of prosperity [ref], and in September 2011 he launched the UN Sustainable Energy for All initiative to improve energy access, efficiency and the deployment of renewable energy [ref].	47_1	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Unlike fossil fuels, renewable fuels can be produced in any country, creating a strategic advantage.	47_1	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	In any case, the International Energy Agency has stated that deployment of renewable technologies usually increases the diversity of electricity sources and, through local generation, contributes to the flexibility of the system and its resistance to central shocks [ref].	47_1	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The market for renewable energy technologies has continued to grow.	47_1	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Other renewable sources such as wind power, photovoltaics, and hydroelectricity have the advantage of being able to conserve water, lower pollution and reduce CO2 emissions.	47_1	1
C	Should we support animal rights	The capabilities approach focuses on what individuals require to fulfill their capabilities: Nussbaum (2006) argues that animals need a right to life, some control over their environment, company, play, and physical health [ref].	16_2	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Tom Regan, professor emeritus of philosophy at North Carolina State University, argues in The Case for Animal Rights (1983) that nonhuman animals are what he calls subjects-of-a-life, and as such are bearers of rights [ref].	16_2	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Gary Francione, professor of law and philosophy at Rutgers Law School in Newark, is a leading abolitionist writer, arguing that animals need only one right, the right not to be owned.	16_2	1
C	Should we support animal rights	In sum, Garry suggests that humans have obligations to nonhuman animals; animals do not, and ought not to, have uninfringible rights against humans.	16_2	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Internet use reduces study skills in university students	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Research has shown that students who use digital technology excessively are less motivated to engage with their studies, and are more anxious about tests.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	This effect was made worse by the increased feelings of loneliness that use of digital technology produced.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Research conducted at Swansea University and the University of Milan has shown that students who use digital technology excessively are less motivated to engage with their studies, and are more anxious about tests.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The study found a negative relationship between internet addiction and motivation to study.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Students reporting more internet addiction also found it harder to organise their learning productively, and were more anxious about their upcoming tests.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The study also found that internet addiction was associated with loneliness, and that this loneliness made study harder.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Professor Phil Reed of Swansea University said: These results suggest that students with high levels of internet addiction may be particularly at risk from lower motivations to study, and, hence, lower actual academic performance.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Professor Truzoli of Milan University said: Internet addiction has been shown to impair a range of abilities such as impulse control, planning, and sensitivity to rewards.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	A lack of ability in these areas could well make study harder.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	In addition to the links between levels of internet addiction and poor study motivation and ability, internet addiction was found to be associated with increased loneliness.	108_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The poorer social interactions that are known to be associated with internet addiction make loneliness worse, and, in turn, impact on motivation to engage in a highly social educational environment such as a university.	108_1	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Sociological and criminological research on poaching indicates that in North America people poach for commercial gain, home consumption, trophies, pleasure and thrill in killing wildlife, or because they disagree with certain hunting regulations, claim a traditional right to hunt, or have negative dispositions toward legal authority [ref].	63_7	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	The government of Botswana adopted a 'shoot-to-kill' policy against poachers in 2013 as a legitimate conservation strategy and a necessary evil, which has reduced poaching to the point it is thought to be ‘virtually non-existent’ in the country, and that neighbouring countries like South Africa should also adopt similar measures in order to save wildlife from extinction [ref].	63_7	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Because the active chemical substance is the same, the medical profile of generics is believed to be equivalent in performance [ref].	61_1	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Biosimilars have active pharmaceutical ingredients that are almost identical to the original product and are typically regulated under an extended set of rules, but they are not the same as generic drugs as the active ingredients are not the same as those of their reference products [ref].	61_1	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Some generic drugs are viewed with suspicion by doctors.	61_1	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	A series of scandals around the approval of generic drugs in the late 1980s shook public confidence in generic drugs; there were several instances in which companies obtained bioequivalence data fraudulently, by using the branded drug in their tests instead of their own product, and a congressional investigation found corruption at the FDA, where employees were accepting bribes to approve some generic companies' applications and delaying or denying others [ref].	61_1	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Problems with the quality of generic drugs – especially those produced outside the United States – are widespread as of 2019 [ref].	61_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Additionally, e-readers allow readers to look up words or find more information about the topic immediately using an online dictionary [ref].	9_7	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	While an e-reader costs more than most individual books, e-books may have a lower cost than paper books [ref].	9_7	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	There may be a lack of privacy for the user's e-book reading activities; for example, Amazon knows the user's identity, what the user is reading, whether the user has finished the book, what page the user is on, how long the user has spent on each page, and which passages the user may have highlighted [ref].	9_7	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Print books are also considered valuable cultural items, and symbols of liberal education and the humanities [ref].	9_7	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Many e-book readers who complain about eyestrain, lack of overview and distractions could be helped if they could use a more suitable device or a more user-friendly reading application, but when they buy or borrow a DRM-protected e-book, they often have to read the book on the default device or application, even if it has insufficient functionality [ref].	9_7	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	While a paper book is vulnerable to various threats, including water damage, mold and theft, e-books files may be corrupted, deleted or otherwise lost as well as pirated.	9_7	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	“Ordinarily,” it said, “being host for the Olympic Games is unlikely to gain a nation much beyond prestige.” But as the cost of hosting rose inexorably, so did the supposed benefits.	3_8	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics and the World Cup are now routinely described as economic engines.	3_8	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Such claims are based on the idea that the Games can serve as a tourist attraction, a chance to catch the eye of global business leaders and a way to rally political support for valuable infrastructure projects.	3_8	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	While many facilities remain in use after the Games or are converted for new purposes, quite a few sit virtually as empty as the original in Olympia, Greece.	3_8	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	When the Games come, after all, other kinds of tourism go.	3_8	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Countries that host the Olympics experience a significant increase in trade, according to a 2009 study by Andrew K. Rose, an economist at the University of California, Berkeley, and Mark M. Spiegel, an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.	3_8	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	And while Brazil may be eager to signal its economic might, the Games can also tarnish a host country’s reputation.	3_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	:518 The court ruled in Adkins v. Children's Hospital (1923) that the District of Columbia's minimum wage law was unconstitutional, because the law interfered with the ability of employers to freely negotiate wage contracts with employees.	86_5	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Some argue that advances in artificial intelligence (AI) will probably result in general reasoning systems that lack human cognitive limitations.	5_9	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Others believe that humans will evolve or directly modify their biology so as to achieve radically greater intelligence.	5_9	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Philosopher David Chalmers argues that artificial general intelligence is a very likely path to superhuman intelligence.	5_9	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Chalmers breaks this claim down into an argument that AI can achieve equivalence to human intelligence, that it can be extended to surpass human intelligence, and that it can be further amplified to completely dominate humans across arbitrary tasks [ref].	5_9	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Evolutionary algorithms in particular should be able to produce human-level AI [ref].	5_9	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	It would then be even better at improving itself, and could continue doing so in a rapidly increasing cycle, leading to a superintelligence.	5_9	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Such an intelligence would not have the limitations of human intellect, and may be able to invent or discover almost anything.	5_9	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Computer components already greatly surpass human performance in speed.	5_9	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	If this systems-based superintelligence relies heavily on artificial components, however, it may qualify as an AI rather than as a biology-based superorganism [ref].	5_9	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Most surveyed AI researchers expect machines to eventually be able to rival humans in intelligence, though there is little consensus on when this will likely happen.	5_9	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	In a survey of the 100 most cited authors in AI (as of May 2013, according to Microsoft academic search), the median year by which respondents expected machines that can carry out most human professions at least as well as a typical human (assuming no global catastrophe occurs) with 10% confidence is 2024 (mean 2034, st. dev.	5_9	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	The UN Declaration on Human Cloning, as it is named, calls for all member states to adopt a ban on human cloning, which it says is incompatible with human dignity and the protection of human life.	44_10	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Kass supports a universal ban on the cloning of humans on the grounds that cloning is an affront to morality and human dignity.	44_10	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Antinori publicised his interest in human cloning from 1998; working with Panayiotis Zavos he argued in favour of cloning as an opportunity for infertile couples, who cannot use other methods.	44_10	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	At the same time they note that this decentralization and marketization has led to further inequality in educational opportunity [ref].	62_2	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	In this way, students have more chance to get admitted by the top colleges.	62_2	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	It is fairer for the high school students, and efficiently reduces the heavy academic burdens for students.	62_2	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Some of the prestige of an American higher education is the result of weaknesses in the PRC's education system, which stifles creativity in favor of rote memorization [ref].	62_2	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Physical concerns	41_3	-1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	The purported disruption of a combat unit's morale is cited as another reason for women to be banned from front-line combat situations [ref].	41_3	-1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	A third argument against the inclusion of women in combat units is that placing women in combat where they are at risk of being captured and tortured and possibly sexually assaulted is unacceptable [ref].	41_3	-1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Finally, there is the argument that by not incorporating women into combat, the American government is failing to tap into another source of soldiers for military combat operations.	41_3	-1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Recent studies from Harvard Business School and MIT have shown that group intelligence of an organization rises when women are on teams.	41_3	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Having women in the military would dramatically increase the ability to extract critical intelligence.	41_3	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Indeed, the science is quite clear: crop improvement by the modern molecular techniques of biotechnology is safe.	92_9	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	In addition, three-quarters of Americans feel that increasing renewable energy and decreasing U.S. dependence on foreign oil are the country's top energy priorities.	47_8	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Energy technologies receive government subsidies.	47_8	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	There is a scientific consensus[13][14][15][16] that currently available food derived from GM crops poses no greater risk to human health than conventional food [ref], but that each GM food needs to be tested on a case-by-case basis before introduction [ref].	92_4	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	An opposing perception is that genetic engineering is itself an evolution of traditional selective breeding, and that the weight of current evidence suggests current GM foods are identical to conventional foods in nutritional value and effects on health [ref].	92_4	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Surveys indicate widespread concern among consumers that eating genetically modified food is harmful [ref], that biotechnology is risky, that more information is needed and that consumers need control over whether to take such risks [ref].	92_4	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	The company reiterated that genetically modified foods were safe and improved crop yields [ref].	92_4	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	The country's Constitutional Court said the rule restricted freedom of speech and undermined democracy.	56_8	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	But the judges said users had switched to overseas sites where they continued to conceal their identity, putting local services at a disadvantage.	56_8	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	There had also been complaints that the system had made it easier for cybercriminals to commit identity theft.	56_8	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	But the eight judges unanimously voted against the law saying the public gains achieved had not been substantial enough to justify restrictions on individuals' rights to free speech.	56_8	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Surrogacy is legal in New Zealand if it is performed altruistically, where the surrogate donates her services selflessly, without any compensation beyond the coverage of expenses.	114_6	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	These arrangements have significant legal complexities, as well as a high risk of humanitarian problems that may affect the surrogate mother and the child.	114_6	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Children born as a result of an international surrogacy arrangement do not meet the requirements for New Zealand citizenship by descent [ref], and thus the only way that the intended parents may become the child's legal parents is through adoption [ref].	114_6	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	However, it has been widely questioned whether women in impoverished countries can actually give informed consent to surrogacy arrangements.	114_6	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	But in the wake of the Varsity Blues scandal, many are questioning the advantages that wealthy students benefit from throughout the college application process, including the advantages they enjoy around standardized testing.	62_9	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Researchers have repeatedly found that wealthy students enjoy significant advantages throughout the college application process, and that income greatly impacts a student’s performance on standardized tests.	62_9	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Students from high-income families are also more likely to get additional time during standardized tests than their lower-income counterparts.	62_9	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Still, some say that standardized testing is one of the most objective measures currently at schools disposal for assessing student achievement and potential.	62_9	-1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	“Standardized tests can level the playing field for low-income and rural college applicants,” writes Rich Saunders for the Chronicle of Higher Education.	62_9	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	But do they stop for a moment and think that it is not the presence of sex education in schools, but its absence that has made the rate of teen pregnancy go up to such a high level?	46_7	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	They stress on abstinence as the perfect way to be totally free from any problems whatsoever, related to sex and sexuality.	46_7	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It is only through education in schools, that students will get proper and honest information about sexually transmitted diseases.	46_7	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	This instills in the students a sense of responsibility that creeps out of fear for their health and life.	46_7	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	More than its enormous toll of disease, suffering, and death, tobacco use also burdens the global economy with an estimated US$ 1.4 trillion in healthcare costs and lost productivity each year.	65_10	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Such demand reduction policies as higher taxes and comprehensive bans on tobacco marketing and smoking in public places are among the principal cost-effective means to reduce tobacco use and its consequent harms to health and economic development.	65_10	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	In respect to poor smokers, their families and the society at large, the benefits of quitting are enormous because there will be lower health costs and more resources for other essential goods such as food and education.	65_10	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	They help raise awareness of the needs of children, and use their talent and fame to fund-raise, advocate, and educate on behalf of UNICEF [ref].	91_6	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Critics argue that UNICEF's focus on rights rather than safety and survival is idealistic, and that by focusing on politicized children's rights instead of mere child survival, UNICEF has contributed indirectly to the child mortality crisis [ref].	91_6	-1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Documents released by Edward Snowden in December 2013 showed that UNICEF was among the surveillance targets of British and American intelligence agencies [ref].	91_6	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	We all need wood.	123_9	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	There are few ecologically valid reasons to avoid timber harvest.	123_9	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Cutting trees provides for regeneration, improved habitat for many species, maintains forest health, and helps us shape forests for the future.	123_9	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Harvesting, processing and manufacturing products from wood carries the lowest environmental cost of any raw material.	123_9	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It is a fact that our earth is quickly losing its green cover; forests provide us with valuable resources, help to recycle carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere, provide natural habitat, and form the backbone of most significant ecosystems.	123_9	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	As Kraditor shows, it was often assumed that women voters would have a civilizing effect on politics, opposing domestic violence, liquor, and emphasizing cleanliness and community.	43_1	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	An opposing theme, Kraditor argues, held that women had the same moral standards.	43_1	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	For black women, achieving suffrage was a way to counter the disfranchisement of the men of their race [ref].	43_1	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Globally, alcohol consumption is the seventh leading risk factor for both death and the burden of disease and injury.	88_4	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Individuals with an alcohol use disorder will often complain of difficulty with interpersonal relationships, problems at work or school, and legal problems.	88_4	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Signs of alcohol abuse are related to alcohol's effects on organ systems.	88_4	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol also causes impairment in a person's critical thinking.	88_4	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Social skills are significantly impaired in people suffering from alcoholism due to the neurotoxic effects of alcohol on the brain, especially the prefrontal cortex area of the brain.	88_4	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol abuse is significantly associated with suicide and violence.	88_4	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol abuse among pregnant women causes their baby to develop fetal alcohol syndrome.	88_4	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Children aged 16 and under who consume alcohol heavily display symptoms of conduct disorder.	88_4	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	PRO: Vaccines can save children’s lives.	70_5	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: Vaccines can cause serious and sometimes fatal side effects.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: Vaccines contain harmful ingredients.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	PRO: Major medical organizations state that vaccines are safe.	70_5	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The WHO states, “Vaccines are very safe.” The US Department of Health and Human Services states, “Vaccines are some of the safest medical products available.”	70_5	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Medical decisions for children should be left to the parents or caregivers.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Ron Paul, MD, former US Representative (R-TX), in an Oct. 19, 2011 article, “Government Vaccines – Bad Policy, Bad Medicine,” stated, “intimately personal medical decisions should not be made by government… Freedom over one’s physical person is the most basic freedom of all, and people in a free society should be sovereign over their own bodies.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: Mandatory vaccines infringe upon constitutionally protected religious freedoms.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The Universal Family Church believes that parents should decide whether their children should be vaccinated and that “God intends the health decisions of individuals should… be honored by all authorities.”	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: Vaccines can contain ingredients some people consider immoral or otherwise objectionable.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	PRO: Vaccines save children and their parents time and money.	70_5	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: Vaccines are unnatural, and natural immunity is more effective than vaccination.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	PRO: Vaccines protect future generations.	70_5	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	PRO: Vaccines eradicated smallpox and have nearly eradicated other diseases such as polio.	70_5	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: Diseases that vaccines target have essentially disappeared.	70_5	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	PRO: Vaccine-preventable diseases have not disappeared so vaccination is still necessary.	70_5	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	CON: Most diseases that vaccines target are relatively harmless in many cases, thus making vaccines unnecessary.	70_5	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	The real-name system takes the effect of anonymous statement too easily, which affect the rights of freedom and supervision of the Internet users.	56_4	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Form technical aspect, the application of real-name system is also superfluous.	56_4	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Even putting aside the huge cost, the monitoring capability will also be very limited, because the information on the Internet is updating at an amazing speed.	56_4	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Compared with forcing the users to use their real names, it is more important to educate the Internet employees to learn self-discipline.	56_4	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	The Internet should be an open environment.	56_4	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The movement of rural dwellers leaving the traditional agricultural sector for better economic activities to meet their livelihood needs in urban areas is an essential component of the development process in developing countries.	18_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The present study attempts to examine the impact of migration on rural households’ well-being, and the success of migration regarding improving employment quality i.e., the working and living conditions of migrant workers in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	18_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Migration provides opportunities for rural households to diversify their sources of income and overcome the adverse welfare effects of social, economic, and institutional constraints in ecologically vulnerable regions [5,6].	18_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Similar to global trends, migration in Pakistan has also been driven by rural households moving to urban areas to seek better livelihood opportunities and quality of employment.	18_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Low agricultural productivity and profitability force rural workers to migrate to urban centers.	18_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	However, the rapid increase in urban population does not match with an adequate increase in municipal infrastructure and services.	18_7	1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Due to the low profitability in agriculture enterprise, migration has become a strategy for rural households in Pakistan to diversify their sources of income.	18_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	On the other hand, evidence from Mexico indicated that remittances from internal and international migrants have an egalitarian impact on rural income distribution [23].	18_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Recent studies from Thailand and Vietnam also showed that migration reduced the rural income inequality through a balanced distribution of productive assets [31], and had a positive impact on poverty status [7].	18_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	In a recent ABC 7.30 Report story Australia’s Chief Scientist, Professor Ian Chubb, called on universities to tell students that maths is prerequisite for particular pathways of study.	53_2	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Yet copyright is standardly justified on the grounds that it promotes creation and dissemination of ideas.	120_10	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	As in the case of Documents on Australian Defence and Foreign Policy illustrates, copyright is one technique used to keep information away from the public.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	But there are quite a few cases in which patents have been used to suppress innovation (Dunford 1987).	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	One consequence is a severe inhibition on research by non-patent holders.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	More generally, intellectual property is one more way for rich countries to extract wealth from poor countries.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The potential financial returns from intellectual property are said to provide an incentive for individuals to create.	120_10	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Since intellectual property can be sold, it is usually the rich and powerful who benefit.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Intellectual property is an attempt to create an artificial scarcity in order to give rewards to a few at the expense of the many.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Intellectual property aggravates inequality.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Hettinger begins by noting the obvious argument against intellectual property, namely that sharing intellectual objects still allows the original possessor to use them.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The first argument for intellectual property is that people are entitled to the results of their labour.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Intellectual products are social products.	120_10	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	A fourth argument is that rights in intellectual property are needed to promote the creation of more ideas.	120_10	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The utilitarian argument for intellectual property is that ownership is necessary to stimulate production of new ideas, because of the financial incentive.	120_10	-1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	A quality basic education gives children and youth the knowledge and skills they need to face daily life challenges, and take advantage of economic and lifelong learning opportunities.	91_1	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	It is also a key driver for reducing poverty, fostering economic growth, achieving gender equality, and social development.	91_1	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Education is particularly important to communities that are fragile or rebuilding.	91_1	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Education provides stability, structure and hope for the future, helping children and youth to overcome trauma caused by war, disaster, or conflict.	91_1	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Having a safe learning environment also makes children and youth less vulnerable to exploitation, kidnapping, and recruitment by militant groups or organized crime.	91_1	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Beyond basic education, Canada’s development assistance includes investments to help ensure that youth and adults, particularly young women, have the knowledge, skills and competencies they need for employment and to contribute to economic growth.	91_1	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Spokesman Brendan Buck for Speaker of the House John Boehner said in reaction that the president's plan would increase costs for consumers and eliminate jobs for those who need them the most so the House would continue focusing on our plan to protect workers' hours and create jobs, not the president's plan to destroy them [ref].	86_7	1
C	Should we promote social networks	In fact, it has been suggested that the appeal of online services is to broadcast personal information on purpose [ref].	4_1	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	One such implication, which is rather commonly viewed as being one of the most daunting fears risks of the Internet, is the potential for identity theft.	4_1	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	While the processes these internet thieves use are abundant and unique, one popular trap unsuspecting people fall into is that of online purchasing.	4_1	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	With the overall public anxiety regarding the constantly expanding trend of online crimes, in 2001 roughly fifty-four percent of Americans polled showed a general approval for the FBI monitoring those emails deemed suspicious.	4_1	-1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	This argument asserts that artifacts should be viewed as universal cultural property and should not be divided among artificially created nation-states.	71_3	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Professor Edwards said that sex selection was justified for couples who simply wanted to ensure their families had both boys and girls.	96_9	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	The ban came into force in 2003 after the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA) found most people were against sex selection.Suzi Leather, the chair of the HFEA, said the decision was made because of risks in allowing selection techniques such as sperm sorting, which separates male-bearing sperm from female-bearing sperm.	96_9	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	In Britain, doctors are allowed to choose the sex of IVF embryos if the parents carry a medical condition affecting one sex - such as Duchenne's muscular dystrophy which affects boys.	96_9	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	The HFEA found that more than 80 per cent of the public did not want sex selection for social reasons.	96_9	-1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	UNICEF Kills the Little Children	91_9	-1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Stop turning kids into UNICEF fund-raisers	91_9	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Cigarettes are addictive (because of nicotine) and cause cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, heart disease, and other health problems.	95_1	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Cigarette smoking causes disease and harms nearly every organ of the body [ref].	95_1	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Second-hand smoke from cigarettes causes many of the same health problems as smoking, including cancer [ref], which has led to legislation and policy that has prohibited smoking in many workplaces and public areas.	95_1	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Additionally, cigarettes are a frequent source of deadly fires in private homes, which prompted both the European Union and the United States to require cigarettes to be fire-standard compliant [ref].	95_1	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Cigarette sales are a significant source of tax revenue in many localities.	95_1	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms help reduce the spread of STDs	64_1	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	If consistently used correctly, condoms can be highly effective in decreasing the probability of STD transmission and preventing HIV transmission.	64_1	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms help prevent teenage pregnancy	64_1	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	As teens spend the majority of their time at school, it is the most natural and convenient place for sex education, including condom distribution.	64_1	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms make teens more sexually responsible	64_1	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	As teenagers are beginning to discover their sexual identities, providing condoms in high schools can help them establish the concept of safe sex as the norm and gives them the mandate to be responsible.	64_1	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	It interferes with family and religious beliefs	64_1	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	By providing condoms to students, high schools are taking away the due right of parents to decide whether their own teenage children should have access to contraception.	64_1	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	So, having schools introduce condom use to their teenagers pressures both the parents and teens into having conversations about sex that may feel premature.	64_1	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	It may also interfere with a family’s values or religious beliefs.	64_1	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	They’re not 100% effective, which gives a false sense of security	64_1	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom distribution in high schools gives students a false sense of security when having sex.	64_1	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	This is because most teenagers lack experience with condom implementation and use, causing the condoms to be extremely ineffective.	64_1	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	If a school wants its students not to have sex, it shouldn’t provide them with condoms to use during intercourse.	64_1	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	The withdrawal would likely be tied to a cease-fire that would be rolled out gradually, with violence ceasing in an area as the pullout begins.	98_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines can save children’s lives.	70_8	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The US Department of Health and Human Services states, Vaccines are some of the safest medical products available [ref].	70_8	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines save children and their parents time and money.	70_8	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines protect future generations.	70_8	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccinated mothers protect their unborn children from viruses that could potentially cause birth defects, and vaccinated communities can help eradicate diseases for future generations.	70_8	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines eradicated smallpox and have nearly eradicated other diseases such as polio.	70_8	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines can cause serious and sometimes fatal side effects.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines contain harmful ingredients.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Medical decisions for children should be left to the parents or caregivers.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Ron Paul, MD, former US Representative (R-TX), stated, intimately personal medical decisions should not be made by government… Freedom over one’s physical person is the most basic freedom of all, and people in a free society should be sovereign over their own bodies.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Mandatory vaccines infringe upon constitutionally protected religious freedoms.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Amish communities do not view all vaccinations as necessary and some believe that vaccinations weaken the immune system [ref].	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The Universal Family Church believes that parents should decide whether their children should be vaccinated and that God intends the health decisions of individuals should… be honored by all authorities [ref].	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines can contain ingredients some people consider immoral or otherwise objectionable.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines are unnatural, and natural immunity is more effective than vaccination.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Even pro-vaccine organizations state that natural vaccination causes better immunity.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia notes that It is true that natural infection almost always causes better immunity than vaccines.	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Mayo Clinic states that natural infection often provides more complete immunity than a series of vaccinations [ref].	70_8	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Immunity is a natural thing.	70_8	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	BEIJING—China announced sweeping new regulations requiring users of an array of Internet services to register with their real names and avoid spreading content that challenges national interests.	56_7	1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	“Username chaos” had become a serious problem on the Chinese Internet, the state-run China News Service said in a report on the new regulations, citing an unidentified representative of the regulator.	56_7	1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	The new rules, if strictly implemented, could have ripple effects throughout the Chinese Internet, analysts said.	56_7	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Chinese Internet companies would probably benefit from the added requirements in the long run because of the increased credibility they would bring, according to Mr. Zhu.	56_7	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms Don’t Necessarily Help Teen Girls Avoid Pregnancy	64_4	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom access didn’t decrease the rate of teen births, though.	64_4	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Easy access to condoms created worse outcomes for students, not better.	64_4	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	But the programs weren’t necessarily geared toward abstinence—“in some cases, a counselor might be required to show how a condom is put on, and in other cases a counselor might be forbidden from doing that.” Opponents worry that this kind of show-and-tell, paired with easy access to condoms, encourages kids to have sex or engage in risky sexual behavior.	64_4	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	While condoms are still the most common kind of contraception used by teens, they have higher failure rates for preventing pregnancy than hormonal birth control.	64_4	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Hosting a major sporting event can give many economic, social and cultural benefits.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	However, the costs of hosting the event can also be quite high.	3_4	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Raise the profile of the city/country	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Increasing the profile of a city can lead to lasting economic benefits.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	For example, cities which host the Olympics can be assured of a persistent increase in recognition and tourism.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	A  significant benefit is the long-term investment which comes from preparing for a major event.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The city/country will have a legacy of improved sporting venues.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The several years of planning and investment will help create jobs and can revitalise depressed cities.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	But, a major sporting event can create enthusiasm and excitement for such an event.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	It can help promote uptake of sport which has lasting benefits for the nation’s health.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Also, a major sporting event can lead to a rise in volunteerism which promotes civic virtues.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	This will provide an increase in spending and injection of money into the local economy.	3_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	To host a major sporting event like the Olympics can cost significant sums, which have to be paid for by the taxpayer.	3_4	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Many facilities built for the Olympics can never be fully used again.	3_4	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	This is both costly and can restrict freedom of movement of local citizens during games.	3_4	-1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Internet gambling is especially dangerous.	45_9	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Some forms of gambling are highly sociable.	45_9	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Far from harming neighbourhoods, casinos can revive areas.	45_9	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Gambling is often used to raise money for the state or good causes.	45_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization has created much global and internal unrest in many countries.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization can be partly responsible for the current global economic crisis.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Case studies of Thailand and the Arab nations' view of globalization show that globalization is a threat to culture and religion, and it harms indigenous people groups while multinational corporations profit from it.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The founder of Local Futures (formerly the International Society for Ecology and Culture), Helena Norberg-Hodge, has suggested that globalization does not work for all the economies that it affects and that it does not always deliver the economic growth that is expected of it.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization has been described as an uneven process in Africa due to the global integration of some groups happening alongside the marginalization or exclusion of others.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Therefore, the worldwide trade will have the restrictions on the growth of economy.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Although globalization promised an improved standard of living, it has actually worsened the financial situation of many homes and has made the financial crisis global through the influences of international financial institutions such as the World Bank.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization limits development and civilization to a path that only leads to a Western and capitalistic system.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Because of the political and structural differences in countries, the implementation of globalization has been detrimental for many countries [ref].	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization as American hegemony	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	John Gray described globalization as a post-Cold War American triumphalism, and stated “global laissez faire is an American project.” Globalization is a project in which American ideals and values are executed and implemented into other countries.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In the process of implementing globalization in developing countries, the creation of winners and losers are often predetermined.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Multinational corporations often benefit from globalization while poor, indigenous locals are negatively affected.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The power of transnational companies inflicts a major threat for indigenous tribes.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization can be seen as a new form of colonization or imperialism, as economic inequality and the rise in unemployment have followed with its implementation.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Furthermore, globalization is non-democratic, as it is enforced through top-down methods [ref].	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization requires a country to give up its sovereignty for the sake of executing Western ideals in its country.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Thus, globalization causes the greater empowerment of these international organizations and the diminishing influence of local state institutions [ref].	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	As International commerce develops new trade routes, markets and products Globalization facilitates the spread of invasive species.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	On account of the development of new source, larger and faster ships and increased air transport, the commercial trade propels rising annual and cumulative rates of invasion.	12_9	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The globalization efforts in Thailand resulted in environmental impacts that affected the social and economic welfare of indigenous populations [ref].	12_9	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting is an art form and should be seen as an equivalent to dance, or painting, or music.	54_6	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighters are skillful and, behind all the pomp and ritual, the bull is actually being killed in a very efficient manner.	54_6	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Far more bulls are killed to be eaten by abattoirs than die in the bullring.	54_6	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	In some places, parts of Spain especially, bullfighting is perceived by many people as being an integral part of the regional culture.	54_6	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	The practice is barbaric.	54_6	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Essentially, bullfighting is ritually slaughtering an animal purely for entertainment.	54_6	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Rather than traditional, the practice is archaic.	54_6	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	The death of the bull is extended and painful, making it unnecessarily cruel.	54_6	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	The right to die is a concept based on the opinion that a human being is entitled to end his or her life or undergo voluntary euthanasia.	32_1	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	If it is argued, the right to life is inalienable, it cannot be surrendered, and therefore may be incompatible with a right to die [ref].	32_1	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	If one had a right to live, then one must have the right to die, both on their terms.	32_1	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Death is a natural process of life thus there should not be any laws to prevent it if the patient seeks to end it.	32_1	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	If euthanasia is strictly controlled, we can avoid entering a slippery slope and prevent patients from seeking alternative methods which may not be legal [ref].	32_1	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	It can lead to a slippery slope; if we allow patients this right, it can expand and have dire consequences.	32_1	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Give rise in pressuring those to end their lives or the lives of others; ethically immoral in human and medical standards.	32_1	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Suicide advocate Ludwig Minelli, euthanasia expert Sean W. Asher, and bioethics professor Jacob M. Appel, in contrast, argue that all competent people have a right to end their own lives.	32_1	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Critics of the practice feel that it takes advantage of vulnerable women, exploits the system of reproduction and commoditizes human life.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	However, surrogacy advocates argue that it is unfair for a woman to carry a baby for someone else and get nothing in return.	114_4	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Proponents of commercial surrogacy also believe it is best to openly allow the practice so that it can be regulated and so everyone’s rights can be protected.	114_4	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	While the commercial surrogacy debate is still ongoing, this form of surrogacy has helped thousands of infertile couples, single parents and members of the LGBT community add to their families.	114_4	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Ethical concerns have led some countries and U.S. states to ban or restrict commercial surrogacy arrangements.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	These commercial surrogacy laws are intended to protect women and children, but they also have some consequences that need to be considered.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	However, completing an inexpensive surrogacy in India or Thailand is very risky.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	This means that intended parents and surrogates are not well protected, and difficulties can arise in establishing legal parents and citizenship for babies born via international surrogacy.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Critics often refer to these surrogacy agreements as “fertility tourism,” “surrogacy tourism” or “womb renting” because they argue that it exploits poor women in developing countries.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	The popularity of California as a surrogacy destination highlights the high global demand for commercial surrogates and echoes the opinion of commercial surrogacy advocates: that intended parents should be able to pursue commercial surrogacy in an environment where it is legal and well-regulated.	114_4	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Commercial surrogacy allows women to be compensated fairly for their yearlong commitment to intended parents as well as the physical and emotional demands of pregnancy.	114_4	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	In commercial surrogacy, contracts are negotiated ahead of time to determine the monetary compensation the surrogate will receive, which can prevent disputes over reimbursements during and after the pregnancy.	114_4	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Most women pursue surrogacy because they want to help build other families.	114_4	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Some opponents of commercial surrogacy argue that it exploits vulnerable women.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Commercial surrogacy is illegal in some countries, forcing some intended parents to pursue international surrogacy, which can lead to legal and ethical complications.	114_4	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Commercial surrogacy, when completed legally and ethically, can be a wonderful way for people to come together to help hopeful parents add to their families.	114_4	-1
C	Should we unify the national propositions of the college entrance examination	Regional imbalance of social and economic development has resulted in a disparity in education levels across China, which gives rise to provincial proposition.	116_1	-1
C	Should we unify the national propositions of the college entrance examination	Moreover, independent proposition covers regional discrimination generated by a huge disparity of cut off scores between different provinces.	116_1	1
C	Should we unify the national propositions of the college entrance examination	As the advanced educational resources (number and quality of universities) are distributed unevenly across China, it is argued that people are being discriminated against during the admission process based on their geographic region.	116_1	1
C	Should we unify the national propositions of the college entrance examination	The unequal admission schemes for different provinces and regions might intensify competition among examinees from provinces with fewer advanced education resources.	116_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Compared with print media, the mass media, and other analog technologies, digital media are easy to copy, store, share and modify.	9_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	This quality of digital media has led to significant changes in many industries, especially journalism, publishing, education, entertainment, and the music business.	9_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Digital media has also allowed individuals to be much more active in content creation [ref].	9_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	The rising of digital media has made the consumer's audio collection more precise and personalized.	9_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	As the internet becomes more and more prevalent, more companies are beginning to distribute content through internet only means.	9_1	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	While it is challenging to live and work in this extreme environment, this region offers many opportunities for scientific research.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The icy landscape of Antarctica and the Southern Ocean may seem distant, but the natural processes that occur there are intimately linked to those on the rest of the planet.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	To understand the effects of increasing emissions of carbon dioxide on the climate, it is vitally important to understand the processes that occur in the Antarctic region.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Ever since the first humans set foot on Antarctica a little more than a century ago, the discoveries made there have advanced our scientific knowledge of the region, the world, and the universe—but there is still much more to learn.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The rocks, sediments, and ice of Antarctica hold a trove of information about the past history of Earth’s climate, continents, and life forms.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The remarkable clarity and stability of the atmosphere above Antarctica allows scientists to look out to the upper reaches of the atmosphere and into the universe beyond—observations that could contribute to understanding of the origins of the universe and the nature of the solar system.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	However, conducting scientific research in the harsh environmental conditions of Antarctica is profoundly challenging.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Thus, the Antarctic region provides an unparalleled natural laboratory in which to study these changing conditions.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Changes in the ecosystems of the Antarctic region may be a harbinger of larger changes to come, and therefore monitoring Antarctic change could allow scientists to predict future ecosystem change elsewhere.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Antarctica and the Southern Ocean provide a natural laboratory for scientific discovery.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The tiny air bubbles trapped within the ice hold a record of the planet’s atmosphere through time; the living things in the ocean and on land can teach scientists about survival strategies in extreme environments; and Antarctica provides an excellent platform for looking out to the solar system and the universe beyond.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The region around the South Pole is an ideal location to monitor changes in space weather, as compared to the North Pole, where shifting sea ice makes building a permanent research station impractical.	60_11	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	In addition to the cost of the fuel, the combustion of fossil fuels pollutes the air, and fuel leaks during storage and transport have the potential to contaminate the surrounding environment.	60_11	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Antarctica and the Southern Ocean offer great opportunities for inspiring popular interest in science in much the same way that space exploration did in the latter half of the 20th century.	60_11	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	America needs renewable energy.	47_6	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	In 2009, President Barack Obama in the inaugural address called for the expanded use of renewable energy to meet the twin challenges of energy security and climate change.	47_6	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	According to Clean Edge, there's little doubt that the future of energy will be cleaner.	47_6	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	In addition the use of air conditioning is expected to fall back from a peak demand year during 2018[20] Renewable energy has the potential to reduce CO2 emissions in three key energy use sectors, the transport sector, the heating and cooling sector (including building heating and air conditioning, industrial heat usage etc) and the electricity sector.	47_6	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The United States has some of the best renewable energy resources in the world, with the potential to meet a rising and significant share of the nation's energy demand.	47_6	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The main purpose of intellectual property law is to encourage the creation of a wide variety of intellectual goods [ref].	120_1	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Additionally, investments in intellectual goods suffer from problems of appropriation: a landowner can surround their land with a robust fence and hire armed guards to protect it, but a producer of information or literature can usually do very little to stop their first buyer from replicating it and selling it at a lower price.	120_1	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Approximately 200 years after the end of Elizabeth's reign, however, a patent represents a legal right obtained by an inventor providing for exclusive control over the production and sale of his mechanical or scientific invention... [demonstrating] the evolution of patents from royal prerogative to common-law doctrine [ref].	120_1	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	This is mainly as a result of knowledge being traditionally viewed as a public good, in order to allow its extensive dissemination and improvement thereof [ref].	120_1	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	A trade secret is a formula, practice, process, design, instrument, pattern, or compilation of information which is not generally known or reasonably ascertainable, by which a business can obtain an economic advantage over competitors and customers.	120_1	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The city experiences the Olympics’ positive values	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics help promote sports and health in the host country	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics promote sports in the host city and country.	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	This can encourage local kids and athletes to follow their athletic dreams.	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Moreover, hosting the Olympics increases the importance of and participation in sports.	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Therefore, hosting the Olympics contributes to a more sports-oriented and healthier society on a city and national level.	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	It makes people happy	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Researchers have found that hosting a huge sporting event increases life satisfaction.	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Eventually, the researchers found that, yes, hosting such sporting events made people in the host city happier.	3_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics are not economical	3_3	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Setting up for the Olympics costs money.	3_3	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Hosting the Olympics can place a real strain on daily lives for the host city’s residents.	3_3	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Hosting the Olympics doesn’t change a country`s reputation	3_3	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	This practice can reduce the genetic viability of the forest over time, resulting in poorer or less vigorous offspring in the stand.	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Environmental groups criticize clear-cutting as destructive to water, soil, wildlife, and atmosphere, and recommend the use of sustainable alternatives [ref].	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clear-cutting in forests removes the trees which would otherwise have been transpiring large volumes of water and also physically damages the grasses, mosses, lichens, and ferns populating the understorey.	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Removal or damage of the biota reduces the local capacity to retain water, which can exacerbate flooding and lead to increased leaching of nutrients from the soil.	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clear-cutting also prevents trees from shading riverbanks, which raises the temperature of riverbanks and rivers, contributing to the extinction of some fish and amphibian species.[where?]	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcutting can destroy an area's ecological integrity in a number of ways, including: the destruction of buffer zones which reduce the severity of flooding by absorbing and holding water; the immediate removal of forest canopy, which destroys the habitat for many rainforest-dependent insects and bacteria; the removal of forest carbon sinks, leading to global warming through the increased human-induced and natural carbon dioxide build-up in the atmosphere; the elimination of fish and wildlife species due to soil erosion and habitat loss; the removal of underground worms, fungi and bacteria that condition soil and protect plants growing in it from disease; the loss of small-scale economic opportunities, such as fruit-picking, sap extraction, and rubber tapping; and the destruction of aesthetic values and recreational opportunities [ref].	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcutting can have major negative impacts, both for humans and local flora and fauna [ref].	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcutting may lead to increased stream flow during storms, loss of habitat and species diversity, opportunities for invasive and weedy species, and negative impacts on scenery [ref], as well as a decrease in property values; diminished recreation, hunting, and fishing opportunities [ref].	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcutting can be used by foresters as a method of mimicking a natural disturbance and increasing primary successional species, such as poplar (aspen), willow and black cherry in North America.	123_1	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcutting has also proved to be effective in creating animal habitat and browsing areas, which otherwise would not exist without natural stand-replacing disturbances such as wildfires, large scale windthrow, or avalanches.	123_1	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcuts are used to help regenerate species that cannot compete in mature forests.	123_1	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcutting can also lead to increased vascular-plant diversity in the area.	123_1	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clearcutting's main destruction is towards habitats, where it makes the habitats more vulnerable in the future to damage by insects, diseases, acid rain, and wind.	123_1	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Also clearcutting can contribute to problems for ecosystems that depend on forests, like the streams and rivers which run through them [ref].	123_1	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	Eating dog meat and lychees during the summer solstice, they argue, is a longstanding local custom, and no different from eating cows or pigs.	97_3	-1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	Food vs fuel is the debate regarding the risk of diverting farmland or crops for biofuels production in detriment of the food supply on a global scale.	89_3	-1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	Researchers at the Overseas Development Institute have argued that biofuels could help to reduce poverty in the developing world, through increased employment, wider economic growth multipliers and by stabilising oil prices (many developing countries are net importers of oil) [ref].	89_3	1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	Increased use of biofuels puts increasing pressure on water resources in at least two ways: water use for the irrigation of crops used as feedstocks for biodiesel production; and water use in the production of biofuels in refineries, mostly for boiling and cooling.	89_3	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The death penalty is the ultimate cruel, inhuman and degrading punishment.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Amnesty International holds that the death penalty breaches human rights, in particular the right to life and the right to live free from torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Although international law says that the use of the death penalty must be restricted to the the most serious crimes, meaning intentional killing, Amnesty believes that the death penalty is never the answer.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	It is irreversible and mistakes happen.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Execution is the ultimate, irrevocable punishment: the risk of executing an innocent person can never be eliminated.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	It does not deter crime.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Countries who execute commonly cite the death penalty as a way to deter people from committing crime.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	This claim has been repeatedly discredited, and there is no evidence that the death penalty is any more effective in reducing crime than life imprisonment.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	In many cases recorded by Amnesty International, people were executed after being convicted in grossly unfair trials, on the basis of torture-tainted evidence and with inadequate legal representation.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	It is discriminatory.	68_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	It is used as a political tool.	68_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	While science is clear that vaccines are safe and effective, it is silent on whether or not mandating compulsory vaccination is the right thing to do.	70_3	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	This brings us to the second argument against compulsory vaccination; that any such law would not dramatically increase immunization rates, as it would be subject to a raft of exemptions.	70_3	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The final argument—and, for many, the knockdown argument—against compulsory vaccination is that it is a violation of parental choice (a point discussed extensively in Bradley’s review).	70_3	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Yet many still suspect a cover up, or refuse more generally to believe that vaccines are safe.	70_3	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	While the science is clear that vaccines are safe and effective, it is of course silent on whether or not mandating compulsory vaccination is the right thing to do.	70_3	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	For the first time in Gallup’s polling history on the question, a majority (60%) of Americans say life imprisonment with no possibility of parole is a better punishment for murder than the death penalty.	68_13	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	It leads to enormous psychological strain on students, especially in their final year of high school.	62_12	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	In various ways, the system favors students from large cities and well-off families, even though it was designed to create a level playing field among all Chinese youth.	62_12	1
C	Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Defenders of the gaokao, which has its roots in the imperial exam system, say the test is a crucial component in a meritocracy, allowing students from poorer backgrounds or rural areas to compete for spots in top universities.	62_12	-1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	The sale of human organs offers a possible solution to this crippling shortage of organs.	58_9	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	Defenders of organ sales believe it will save hundreds of thousands of lives annually and will help make the poor richer.	58_9	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	In the end, some people feel that selling kidneys is just plain wrong, because it somehow violates human dignity or the integrity of the body.	58_9	-1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	Dwayne Gumbs and Alex Williams, co-founders and CEOs of performing arts in education company Diverse Voices and the team behind upcoming urban comedy Running Out of Grime, believe audiences are crying out for more diverse stories on the big screen.	99_6	1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Taking this one step further, if real name registration were successfully implemented, and anonymity were effectively banned on the Internet, that would likely degrade content in the eyes of platform users and probably drive users away from China's popular microblogs.	56_10	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	Real name registration is incredibly costly to online service providers tasked with implementing the rule.	56_10	-1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	But because of the first-mover problem, real name registration works to undermine market consolidation.	56_10	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Nowadays, due to cloning disobeys human being’s moral value, it has become a thorny issue even though it can benefit human beings and our society in lots of areas.	44_9	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	In addition, cloned people may lose some special values each person should have.	44_9	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Human cloning prompts a series of social problems, and it also causes complex family issues.	44_9	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Human cloning could lead some complex family relationship and unethical kinship.	44_9	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Cloning might bring back the body of the lost family member, but it absolutely will not be the dead one you know since science cannot guarantee the same characters and thoughts.	44_9	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Human cloning technology is still limited significantly, and its instability is likely to lead to a series of new infectious diseases and thus cause the loss of humans’ various genes.	44_9	1
C	Should we ban human cloning	On the other hand, others hold that human cloning can bring huge benefits to medical treatments such as organ cloning and fertility problems by promoting scientific progress.	44_9	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Another benefit of cloning is that it could be used to treat many incurable disease so that many patients can regain health.	44_9	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	They say that ivory trade should not be banned because they need revenue from ivory sales to fund conservation efforts.	63_5	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	If we are permitted to do sport hunting and trade in a legal way, it will help us a lot.”	63_5	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Legal market will curb poaching	63_5	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	If the trade is legalised, there would be regular markets for ivory and this would help curb poaching.	63_5	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	“Regulated sale of ivory can benefit conservation, as claimed by the countries with regulated markets [for instance, Zimbabwe, South Africa and Namibia]; perhaps more important, the results [of the study] also suggest that action to close unregulated ivory markets in Africa is needed to protect the elephant,” Ronald Clarke, author of “The International Ban on Ivory Sales and its Effects on Elephant Poaching in Africa”, a paper published in The British Journal of Criminology in 2009, told Down To Earth.	63_5	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	“Legalising ivory trade will not end the problem,” says Henley.	63_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social networking is allowing scientific groups to expand their knowledge base and share ideas, and without these new means of communicating their theories might become isolated and irrelevant.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Researchers use social networks frequently to maintain and develop professional relationships [ref].	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social networks are also used to communicate scientists research results[81] and as a public communication tool and to connect people who share the same professional interests, their benefits can vary according to the discipline [ref].	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	The most interesting aspects of social networks for professional purposes are their potentialities in terms of dissemination of information and the ability to reach and multiple professional contacts exponentially.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	The use of online social networks by school libraries is also increasingly prevalent and they are being used to communicate with potential library users, as well as extending the services provided by individual school libraries.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Recent studies have shown that social network services provide opportunities within professional education, curriculum education, and learning.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Researches, especially in Africa, have disclosed that the use of social networks among students has been known to affect their academic life negatively.	4_9	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	This way they can provide new opportunities for enriching existing curriculum through creative, authentic and flexible, non-linear learning experiences [ref].	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	The new Web 2.0 technologies built into most social networking services promote conferencing, interaction, creation, research on a global scale, enabling educators to share, remix, and repurpose curriculum resources.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	In short, social networking services can become research networks as well as learning networks [ref].	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Educators and advocates of new digital literacies are confident that social networking encourages the development of transferable, technical, and social skills of value in formal and informal learning [ref].	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Networking allows participants the opportunity for just-in-time learning and higher levels of engagement [ref].	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	The use of SNSs allow educators to enhance the prescribed curriculum.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Participants hone technical skills in choosing to navigate through social networking services.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	The development of new media skills are paramount in helping youth navigate the digital world with confidence.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Sites like Twitter provide students with the opportunity to converse and collaborate with others in real time.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	In the past, social networking services were viewed as a distraction and offered no educational benefit.	4_9	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Cyberbullying has become an issue of concern with social networking services.	4_9	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social networking services often include a lot of personal information posted publicly, and many believe that sharing personal information is a window into privacy theft.	4_9	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	It is believed that this outpouring of identifiable information and the easy communication vehicle that social networking services open the door to sexual predators, cyberbullying, and cyberstalking [ref].	4_9	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	These researchers established that people can derive a sense of social connectedness and belongingness in the online environment.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social networks are being used by activists as a means of low-cost grassroots organizing.	4_9	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	A rise in social network use is being driven by college students using the services to network with professionals for internship and job opportunities.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	It helps alumni, students and unemployed individuals look for work.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	They are also able to connect with others professionally and network with companies.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Psychologist and University of Hamburg professor Erich H. Witte says that relationships which start online are much more likely to succeed.	4_9	1
C	Should we promote social networks	These researchers have contended that this form of communication is an impoverished version of conventional face-to-face social interactions, and therefore produce negative outcomes such as loneliness and depression for users who rely on social networking entirely.	4_9	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	From the perspective of countries that are effectively shut out of the Arctic, though, development of Antarctic offshore oil and gas reserves could make sense.	60_10	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	They insist physical education in schools remains one of the few places whereby the youth can be forced to participate in aerobic exercise.	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Participation in sport promotes a healthy lifestyle	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Participation in sport promotes health.	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Physical education helps to forge skills that will prove invaluable in later life	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Physical education helps to forge character and the mutual respect required to succeed in an adult environment.	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	As was noted in a report to the European Parliament, 'physical education...helps children learn to respect and value their own bodies and abilities, and those of others'[1].	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Compulsory physical education will improve national sporting achievement	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Without school support, sports will collapse.	10_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Individuals should have the right to control their own bodies	10_5	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Students should have the right to choose which subjects they complete at school	10_5	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A compulsory rather than voluntary sports program is a risk for both students and schools.	10_5	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Physical education is best taught to selected groups	10_5	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	physical education simply adds, needlessly, to this hectic schedule.	10_5	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	It may differ from other types of loans in the fact that the interest rate may be substantially lower and the repayment schedule may be deferred while the student is still in school.	94_13	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	But the Vanguard report says that while the student debt crisis is a problem for individual borrowers, it is not nearly as worrisome as the mortgage crisis for the overall economy – and there's no bubble to be burst.	94_13	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau last year analyzed more than 28,000 public comments, finding the rising amount of student loan debt can have a domino effect on society.	94_13	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Generally, loans can be good for the economy, Aliaga-Diaz explains.	94_13	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Devaney and Fraker, 1989, found that school breakfast programmes did not increase the likelihood of kids' eating breakfast at all.	57_4	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Gleason, 1995, similarly found that school breakfast programmes did not influence the likelihood of students' eating breakfast.	57_4	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	But they also found no effect on the likelihood of eating breakfast.	57_4	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Waehrer, 2008, in an unpublished study funded by the USDA's RIDGE programme, found that school breakfast participation reduced the likelihood of eating breakfast.	57_4	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	School breakfast programmes really don't seem to increase the likelihood of that kids eat breakfast at all;	57_4	-1
C	Should we provide breakfast for school students?	That also seemed to be the conclusion of a New Zealand study: Mhurchu et al, 2012, who found that the only effect of a randomised control trial of school free breakfast programmes here was that kids self-reported being less hungry.	57_4	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	Although bureaucracy is often blamed for the slow process of adopting a child, often what is to blame is that the demand for children in the less-developed world exceeds the supply.	73_1	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	• More than 93% of parents say that sex education in middle and high school is important, and most think that sex education should include instruction about birth control.	46_4	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Supporters of the use of animals in experiments, such as the British Royal Society, argue that virtually every medical achievement in the 20th century relied on the use of animals in some way [ref].	17_10	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The Institute for Laboratory Animal Research of the United States National Academy of Sciences has argued that animal research cannot be replaced by even sophisticated computer models, which are unable to deal with the extremely complex interactions between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms and the environment [ref].	17_10	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal rights organizations—such as PETA and BUAV—question the need for and legitimacy of animal testing, arguing that it is cruel and poorly regulated, that medical progress is actually held back by misleading animal models that cannot reliably predict effects in humans, that some of the tests are outdated, that the costs outweigh the benefits, or that animals have the intrinsic right not to be used or harmed in experimentation [ref].	17_10	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Regan still sees ethical differences between killing human and non-human animals, and argues that to save the former it is permissible to kill the latter.	17_10	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	In contrast, an abolitionist view in animal rights holds that there is no moral justification for any harmful research on animals that is not to the benefit of the individual animal [ref].	17_10	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Donald Watson has stated that vivisection and animal experimentation is probably the cruelest of all Man's attack on the rest of Creation [ref].	17_10	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Systematic reviews have pointed out that animal testing often fails to accurately mirror outcomes in humans [ref].	17_10	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	A 2004 paper concluded that much animal research is wasted because systemic reviews are not used, and due to poor methodology [ref].	17_10	1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	The online shopping has definitely become unique booster for economic growth in China.	109_6	1
C	Does online shopping promote economic development	“The e-commerce revolution has also become a dynamic engine of China’s long-awaited shift from a heavy-industry, export-oriented, semi-command economy into a consumer- and service-driven market, where private companies large and small have direct access to domestic consumers” (Morgan Stanley, 2015).	109_6	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	The Pew Research Center conducted a survey of 1,480 Americans and the results showed that over a third of Americans believe genetically modified food poses health risks.	92_2	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	The survey made the statement, GM foods are ___ for health than non-GM foods.	92_2	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	There is a scientific consensus[9][10][11][12] that currently available food derived from GM crops poses no greater risk to human health than conventional food [ref], but that each GM food needs to be tested on a case-by-case basis before introduction [ref].	92_2	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	The American Association for the Advancement of Science, the World Health Organization and the exceptionally vigilant European Union agree that GMOs are just as safe as other foods ...	92_2	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Algebra is difficult for many people, to the point that many argue that it should not be a requirement to graduate high school or college.	53_12	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	However, many careers do not utilize these skills or much math at all.	53_12	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Many state that algebra strengthens the mind, like a cerebral workout.	53_12	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Algebra helps with problem solving, critical thinking and brain development.	53_12	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	It is invaluable in jobs such as computer science and mechanics and helps prepare students for the increasingly high-tech world we’re all going to inhabit.	53_12	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	But algebra shouldn’t be a graduation requirement for those who want to pursue different career paths.	53_12	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Economist: Sorry Kids, Compulsory Maths Isn't Going To Help You Get A Job	53_12	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The Premier also invoked old conservative shibboleths about household finance: namely, if people knew maths they could better manage their home budgets.	53_12	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	But even in economic terms, Berejiklian’s claim that compulsory maths will prepare young people for “the jobs of the future” is misplaced.	53_12	-1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Online casinos generally offer odds and payback percentages that are a bit higher than land-based casinos.	45_4	-1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Majority of these deceptive free sites lead to equally deceptive casinos.	45_4	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Online gambling legislation often has loopholes that result from the rapid development of the technology underpinning the development of the industry.	45_4	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Debate:Flogging is an acceptable criminal punishment	48_10	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	But I also think it would be highly beneficial in practice, as it would be enormously inexpensive in comparison to incarceration.	48_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The recognition of same-sex marriage is considered to be a human right and a civil right as well as a political, social, and religious issue [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Scientific studies show that the financial, psychological, and physical well-being of gay people are enhanced by marriage, and that the children of same-sex parents benefit from being raised by married same-sex couples within a marital union that is recognized by law and supported by societal institutions [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Social science research indicates that the exclusion of homosexuals from marriage stigmatizes and invites public discrimination against them, with research also repudiating the notion that either civilization or viable social orders depend upon restricting marriage to heterosexuals [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Same-sex marriage can provide those in committed same-sex relationships with relevant government services and make financial demands on them comparable to that required of those in opposite-sex marriages, and also gives them legal protections such as inheritance and hospital visitation rights [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Opposition to same-sex marriage is based on claims such as that homosexuality is unnatural and abnormal, that the recognition of same-sex unions will promote homosexuality in society, and that children are better off when raised by opposite-sex couples [ref].	20_1	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	These claims are refuted by scientific studies, which show that homosexuality is a natural and normal variation in human sexuality, and that sexual orientation is not a choice.	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Many studies have shown that children of same-sex couples fare just as well as the children of opposite-sex couples; some studies have shown benefits to being raised by same-sex couples [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Rather, anthropological research supports the conclusion that a vast array of family types, including families built upon same-sex partnerships, can contribute to stable and humane societies [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The establishment of same-sex marriage is associated with a significant reduction in the rate of attempted suicide among children, with the effect being concentrated among children of a minority sexual orientation.	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	For example, the Canadian Psychological Association stated in 2006 that parents' financial, psychological and physical well-being is enhanced by marriage and that children benefit from being raised by two parents within a legally-recognized union [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The rights, benefits, and protections of civil marriage can further strengthen these families [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The data of current psychological and other social science studies on same-sex marriage in comparison to mixed-sex marriage indicate that same-sex and mixed-sex relationships do not differ in their essential psychosocial dimensions; that a parent's sexual orientation is unrelated to their ability to provide a healthy and nurturing family environment; and that marriage bestows substantial psychological, social, and health benefits.	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In 2009, a pair of economists at Emory University tied the passage of state bans on same-sex marriage in the United States to an increase in the rates of HIV infection [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	[citation needed] Opponents of same-sex marriages have argued that same-sex marriage, while doing good for the couples that participate in them and the children they are raising [ref], undermines a right of children to be raised by their biological mother and father [ref].	20_1	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Some supporters of same-sex marriages take the view that the government should have no role in regulating personal relationships [ref], while others argue that same-sex marriages would provide social benefits to same-sex couples [ref].	20_1	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	As a result, professional scientific associations have argued for same-sex marriage to be legally recognized as it will be beneficial to the children of same-sex parents or carers [ref].	20_1	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Microdosing is another alternative to the use of animals in experimentation.	75_8	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Simulators and computer programs have also replaced the use of animals in dissection, teaching and training exercises [ref].	75_8	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Many women wanted to play an active role, and hundreds of voluntary women's auxiliary and paramilitary organisations had been formed by 1940.	41_7	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	A shortage of male recruits forced the military to establish female branches in 1941 and 1942.	41_7	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Manpower shortages during the Korean War led to the permanent establishment of female branches of the military.	41_7	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In 1929, the Infant Life Preservation Act was passed in the United Kingdom, which amended the law (Offences against the Person Act 1861) so that an abortion carried out in good faith, for the sole purpose of preserving the life of the mother, would not be an offence [ref].	118_8	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	This would give women agency over their own circumstances and allow them to decide whether they wanted to be mothers or not [ref].	118_8	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In 1931 Browne began to develop her argument for women's right to decide to have an abortion [ref].	118_8	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	President of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists John Peel chaired the committee advising the British Government on what became the 1967 Abortion Act, which allowed for legal abortion on a number of grounds, including to avoid injury to the physical or mental health of the woman or her existing child(ren) if the pregnancy was still under 28 weeks [ref].	118_8	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The Court arrived at its decision by concluding that the issue of abortion and abortion rights falls under the right to privacy.	118_8	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	The court found that a mother had a right to abortion until viability, a point to be determined by the abortion doctor.	118_8	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In 2015, in the wake of the House of Representatives' vote to defund Planned Parenthood, Lindy West, Amelia Bonow and Kimberly Morrison launched ShoutYourAbortion to remind supporters and critics alike abortion is a legal right to anyone who wants or needs it' [ref].	118_8	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	), the parties have to make a full and fair disclosure of their assets and liabilities to each other before entering into a postnuptial agreement.	52_1	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Prenuptial agreements may limit the parties' property and spousal support rights, but also to guarantee either party the right to seek or receive spousal support up to a certain limit.	52_1	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It is undoubtedly that the Internet has a negative influence on students and their way of life.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Moreover, many of them are detrimental for our psychic and can result in a real psychological problem of addiction.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Though it may greatly influence their feelings and the whole state of the organism as spending much time playing or surfing the profiles of others students get prone to fluctuations in mood and loss of self-control.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Not only games and social media websites can negatively affect young people.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	All of them can lead to mental problems as well as criminal behavior or even suicides, so it is better to refuse from regular visits to such sites.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Glued to the screen of a computer or tablet students forget about real life, a necessity to breathe fresh air or communicate with real people.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	They get estranged and non-social living in the virtual world.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Virtual world replaces the real one and can also lead to challenges and troubles.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It happens that a person who is addicted to the internet loses a sense of reality and lives in his own world.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	That results in poor relations in the family and possible problems there.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Another great negative of the Internet is its possibility to distract students from more important tasks.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Such non-productive division of time can be rather detrimental for studying and lead to poor results.	108_7	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	There is a great possibility to earn while working from home	108_7	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The Internet is helpful in studying and communication with relatives	108_7	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Another indispensable benefit provided by the Internet is a real-time communication.	108_7	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	A possibility to save on purchases and business transactions	108_7	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	That eases student’s life incredibly!	108_7	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The World Wide Fund for Nature is running a related campaign to protect Arctic polar bear habitat, in partnership with Coca-Cola [ref].	59_1	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Displaces workers due to job replacement.	5_8	1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	Jean-Jacques Rousseau, in his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences, claimed that science can lead to immorality.	103_4	1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	Rousseau argues that the progression of the sciences and arts has caused the corruption of virtue and morality and his critique of science has much to teach us about the dangers involved in our political commitment to scientific progress, and about the ways in which the future happiness of mankind might be secured.	103_4	1
C	Is science a threat to mankind	For this kind of religious antiscience philosophy, science is an anti-spiritual and materialistic force that undermines traditional values, ethnic identity and accumulated historical wisdom in favor of reason and cosmopolitanism.	103_4	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	According to the World Health Organization it is suggested that young children should be doing 60 minutes of exercise per day at least 3 times per week in order to maintain a healthy body [ref].	10_9	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	It was based on research indicating that students who are physically fit are more academically alert and experience growth in brain cells or enhancement in brain development.	10_9	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	Several scholars have disputed the official claim, contending that the one-child program had little effect on birth rates or the size of the total population when one considers the large drop in fertility in the two-child decade preceding it [ref].	1_7	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The plan called for families to have one child each in order to curb a then-surging population and alleviate social, economic, and environmental problems in China [ref].	1_7	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	In the words of Wang et al., the idea of the one-child policy came from leaders within the Party, not from scientists who offered evidence to support it”[7] Central officials had already decided in 1979 to advocate for one-child restrictions before knowing of Song's work and, upon learning of his work in 1980, already seemed sympathetic to his position [ref].	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	In October 2015, the Chinese news agency Xinhua announced plans of the government to abolish the one-child policy, now allowing all families to have two children, citing from a communiqué issued by the Communist Party to improve the balanced development of population – an apparent reference to the country's female-to-male sex ratio – and to deal with an aging population according to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation [ref].	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	They have this huge crushing demographic crisis as a result of the one-child policy.	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	And if people don't start having more children, they're going to have a vastly diminished workforce to support a huge aging population [ref].	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	Since the citizens of China are living longer and having fewer children, the growth of the population imbalance is expected to continue, as reported by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation which referred to a United Nations projections forecast that China will lose 67 million working-age people by 2030, while simultaneously doubling the number of elderly.	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The one-child policy's limit on the number of children resulted in new mothers having more resources to start investing money in their own well-being.	1_7	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	At the same time, the one-child policy reduces the economic burden for each family.	1_7	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	As a result, women also have much more freedom within the family.	1_7	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	It is reported that the focus of China on population planning helps provide a better health service for women and a reduction in the risks of death and injury associated with pregnancy.	1_7	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	First, the average Chinese household expends fewer resources, both in terms of time and money, on children, which gives many Chinese people more money with which to invest.	1_7	-1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	If for any reason, the single child is unable to care for their older adult relatives, the oldest generations would face a lack of resources and necessities.	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	It violates nature's law.	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	And in the long run, this will lead to mother nature's revenge [ref].	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	The one-child policy has been challenged for violating a human right to determine the size of one's own proper family.	1_7	1
C	Should we abandon the one-child policy	A writer for the Georgetown Journal of International Affairs wrote, The 'one-child' policy has also led to what Amartya Sen first called 'Missing Women', or the 100 million girls 'missing' from the populations of China (and other developing countries) as a result of female infanticide, abandonment, and neglect [ref].	1_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	People who oppose capital punishment have argued that the arbitrariness present in its administration make the practice both immoral and unjust.	68_5	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	In particular, they point to the systemic presence of racial, socio-economic, geographic, and gender bias in its implementation as evidence of how the practice is illegitimate and in need of suspension or abolition [ref].	68_5	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Donald McCartin, an Orange County, California, jurist famous for sending nine men to death row during his career, said that it's 10 times more expensive to kill [criminals] than to keep them alive [ref].	68_5	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	According to Alarcón and Mitchell, California has spent $4 billion on the death penalty since 1978, and death penalty trials are 20 times more expensive than trials seeking a sentence of life in prison without possibility of parole [ref].	68_5	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Capital punishment is often opposed on the grounds that innocent people will inevitably be executed.	68_5	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Supporters of capital punishment object that these lives have to be weighed against the far more numerous innocent people whose lives can be saved if the murderers are deterred by the prospect of being executed [ref].	68_5	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Statistics likely understate the actual problem of wrongful convictions because once an execution has occurred there is often insufficient motivation and finance to keep a case open, and it becomes unlikely at that point that the miscarriage of justice will ever be exposed.	68_5	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	The biggest limitation of artificial intelligence is it’s only as smart as the data sets served	5_14	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	AI’s main limitation is that it learns from given data.	5_14	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	The greater application of automation used to only affect the fringes of the economy’s work force - reducing the need for manual labour, substituting it with capital and technology.	5_14	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	But now, AI threatens the core operations of many organisations - analysis and decision making that was once the competency of managers.	5_14	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	By offering automation, intelligence, learning and accuracy beyond human ability, AI enhances the value of data beyond what humans can accomplish.	5_14	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	According to a 1978 article in the American Economic Review, 90% of the economists surveyed agreed that the minimum wage increases unemployment among low-skilled workers [ref].	86_4	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Another survey in 2007 conducted by the University of New Hampshire Survey Center found that 73% of labor economists surveyed in the United States believed 150% of the then-current minimum wage would result in employment losses and 68% believed a mandated minimum wage would cause an increase in hiring of workers with greater skills.	86_4	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	34% of respondents agreed with the statement, Raising the federal minimum wage to $9 per hour would make it noticeably harder for low-skilled workers to find employment.	86_4	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	They argue that these alternatives may address the issue of poverty better than a minimum wage, as it would benefit a broader population of low wage earners, not cause any unemployment, and distribute the costs widely rather than concentrating it on employers of low wage workers.	86_4	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Proponents argue that a basic income that is based on a broad tax base would be more economically efficient than a minimum wage, as the minimum wage effectively imposes a high marginal tax on employers, causing losses in efficiency.	86_4	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Supporters of the use of animals in experiments, such as the British Royal Society, argue that virtually every medical achievement in the 20th century relied on the use of animals in some way [ref].	17_7	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The Institute for Laboratory Animal Research of the United States National Academy of Sciences has argued that animal research cannot be replaced by even sophisticated computer models, which are unable to deal with the extremely complex interactions between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms and the environment [ref].	17_7	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal rights organizations—such as PETA and BUAV—question the need for and legitimacy of animal testing, arguing that it is cruel and poorly regulated, that medical progress is actually held back by misleading animal models that cannot reliably predict effects in humans, that some of the tests are outdated, that the costs outweigh the benefits, or that animals have the intrinsic right not to be used or harmed in experimentation [ref].	17_7	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	O'Meara and others argued that animal physiology could be affected by pain during vivisection, rendering results unreliable.	17_7	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Early objections to animal testing also came from another angle—many people believed that animals were inferior to humans and so different that results from animals could not be applied to humans [ref].	17_7	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	On the other side of the debate, those in favor of animal testing held that experiments on animals were necessary to advance medical and biological knowledge.	17_7	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Arguing that experiments on animals ... are entirely conclusive for the toxicology and hygiene of man...the effects of these substances are the same on man as on animals, save for differences in degree [ref], Bernard established animal experimentation as part of the standard scientific method [ref].	17_7	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	In response to the lobbying by anti-vivisectionists, several organizations were set up in Britain to defend animal research: The Physiological Society was formed in 1876 to give physiologists mutual benefit and protection [ref], the Association for the Advancement of Medicine by Research was formed in 1882 and focused on policy-making, and the Research Defence Society (now Understanding Animal Research) was formed in 1908 to make known the facts as to experiments on animals in this country; the immense importance to the welfare of mankind of such experiments and the great saving of human life and health directly attributable to them [ref].	17_7	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Research conducted by Dennis Tao Yang published in the journal of the American Economic Association indicates that the root of China’s rural-urban divide “lies in the strategy of the centrally planned system that favored heavy-industry development and extracted agricultural surplus largely for urban capital accumulation and urban-based subsidies.”[21] In the 1980s and 1990s, state investments in the rural economy accounted for “less than 10 percent of the budget, despite the fact that the rural population was about 73-76 percent of the national population.”[21] Additionally, factor market distortions have created significant rural-urban inequalities.	18_2	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	As is well documented in many studies, rural-urban inequality is a major contributing factor to general income inequality in China.	18_2	-1
C	Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	“Hu Angang, an influential researcher in China, warned that further increases in regional disparities may lead to China’s dissolution, like in the former Yugoslavia,” while other scholars have noted that “further expansions of the differences may create serious social and political problems, generate nationalist conflicts and negatively influence China’s economic and social stability.”[23] “The current institutions and policies are detrimental to China’s future growth because the sector-biased income transfers and expenditures on health, housing, and education not only distort economic incentives of the workers in the sectors, but will also affect the human-capital attainments of their children, which may further widen the rural-urban income gap.”[21] In other words, current income inequality created largely as a result of government policy favoring urban centers begets further rural-urban income inequality, which creates a vicious cycle and further reinforces regional and rural-urban inequalities.	18_2	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They reduce the risk of second-hand smoke.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Advocates for smoking bans claim that passing a law to prohibit smoking in public places can lessen the possibility of second-hand smoke being inhaled by non-smokers.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Second-hand smoke, according to experts, can lead to increased risk to emphysema, cardiovascular disorders and respiratory problems.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They lessen air pollution.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They improve work productivity.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They reduce healthcare costs.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	And since health care costs take around 9.3% of the country’s GDP, reducing it can affect the economy in a positive way.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They decrease the possibility of fires.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Cigarette butts are non-biodegradable and can clog water systems if thrown recklessly.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They contribute to lower energy consumption and personal expenses.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	With smoking bans, it can reduce the expense for cigarette purchase of a smoker in half.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	With restricting smoking, supporters posit that this can ensure cleanliness is observed in food preparation in restaurants and in the streets.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Moreover, smoking bans in workplaces and pharmaceuticals also contribute to cleaner indoor quality as well as maintaining cleanliness.	65_13	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They take away freedom from people.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Some critics see smoking bans as a violation on one’s personal liberty.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They can affect businesses.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Business owners who are not in favor of smoking bans as well as smokers who are used to smoking in public places such as restaurants and coffee shops argue that restricting smoking in these places can drive customers away and this can be harmful to businesses.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They are not effective.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Some critics contend that banning smoking in some places just leaves smokers no choice but to do it somewhere else.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	They result to lesser tax revenues for the government.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	People against smoking bans are concerned on the effect on government revenues if the push for smoke-free states will be implemented.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	If cigarettes will be reduced, this would mean lesser taxes and lesser revenue for the government.	65_13	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It creates more usable space for growth.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It produces more usable material.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Considering the products of deforestation, it can certainly provide an economic benefit, both regional and local in many instances.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	If we think of it, wide parts of forests around the world are left unused, which could instead be converted into some more beneficial agricultural sites, which can help feed hundreds or even thousands of people who are starving.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	A few parts of these lush lands can also be used to make great infrastructures that will help economies boom, hence assisting all the people living in them economically as well.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It creates more job openings.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It allows for the opportunity to graze animals.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It gives us the chance to produce more food.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It allows people to generate more revenue.	123_7	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It increases carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.	123_7	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It further promotes the development of drought.	123_7	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It focuses only on short-term gains.	123_7	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It is a limited resource.	123_7	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It causes flooding.	123_7	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	It may hinder the production of future medicines.	123_7	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The loss of land is often exacerbated by habitat fragmentation of surrounding areas caused by the reservoir [ref].	47_4	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Because large conventional dammed-hydro facilities hold back large volumes of water, a failure due to poor construction, natural disasters or sabotage can be catastrophic to downriver settlements and infrastructure.	47_4	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Hydroelectric projects can be disruptive to surrounding aquatic ecosystems downstream of the plant site.	47_4	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Solar power plants require large amounts of land.	47_4	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The ethanol and biodiesel production industries also create jobs in plant construction, operations, and maintenance, mostly in rural communities.	47_4	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	A wind farm, when installed on agricultural land, has one of the lowest environmental impacts of all energy sources:	47_4	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Large wind turbines are almost silent and rotate so slowly (in terms of revolutions per minute) that they are rarely a bird strike hazard.	47_4	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Critics also assert that the term war is not appropriate in this context (much like the term War on Drugs) since there is no identifiable enemy and it is unlikely that international terrorism can be brought to an end by military means [ref].	98_5	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	The War on Terror, spanning decades, is a multitrillion-dollar war.	98_5	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	The notion of a war against terrorism has proven highly contentious, with critics charging that it has been exploited by participating governments to pursue long-standing policy/military objectives [ref], reduce civil liberties [ref], and infringe upon human rights.	98_5	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	It is argued that the term war is not appropriate in this context (as in War on Drugs) since there is no identifiable enemy and that it is unlikely international terrorism can be brought to an end by military means [ref].	98_5	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	First, as options go for being able to enjoy the fine arts, museums are not expensive.	49_4	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Fourth, as economists like to note, prices are an allocation mechanism.	49_4	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	About half the American public says the death penalty is not imposed frequently enough and 60 percent believe it is applied fairly, according to a Gallup poll from May 2006 [ref].	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	In regard to capital punishment, deterrence is the notion that the death penalty (for crimes such as murder) may deter other individuals from engaging in crimes of a similar nature.	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Up till 1975, most studies agreed that executing convicted criminals and publicizing these executions did not significantly deter other individuals from committing similar crimes [ref].	68_4	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	In 2005 in the Stanford Law Review, John J. Donohue III, a law professor at Yale with a doctorate in economics, and Justin Wolfers, an economist at the University of Pennsylvania, wrote that the death penalty is applied so rarely that the number of homicides it can plausibly have caused or deterred cannot reliably be disentangled from the large year-to-year changes in the homicide rate caused by other factors.	68_4	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	This correlation can be interpreted in either that the death penalty increases murder rates by brutalizing society, which is known as the brutalization hypothesis, or that higher murder rates cause the state to retain or reintroduce the death penalty.	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	In 2009, a survey of leading criminologists found that 88% of them did not think capital punishment was an effective deterrent to crime [ref].	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Surveys and polls conducted in the last 15 years show that some police chiefs and others involved in law enforcement may not believe that the death penalty has any deterrent effect on individuals who commit violent crimes.	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	They responded that a better economy with more jobs would lessen crime rates more than the death penalty [ref].	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Cass R. Sunstein and Adrian Vermeule, both of Harvard law school, however, have argued that if there is a deterrent effect it will save innocent lives, which gives a life-life tradeoff.	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	They conclude that a serious commitment to the sanctity of human life may well compel, rather than forbid, that form of punishment [ref].	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Capital punishment is the most premeditated of murders, to which no criminal's deed, however calculated, can be compared.	68_4	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Supporters of the death penalty, especially those who do not believe in the deterrent effect of the death penalty, say the threat of the death penalty could be used to urge capital defendants to plead guilty, testify against accomplices, or disclose the location of the victim's body.	68_4	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Norman Frink, a senior deputy district attorney in the state of Oregon, considers capital punishment a valuable tool for prosecutors.	68_4	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Today, the Food and Drug Administration and nearly every other major health authority agree that generic drugs are safe and effective.	61_5	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Participants agreed overwhelmingly that generics were “a better value” than branded drugs, and fewer than 10 percent believed that generic drugs caused more side effects.	61_5	-1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	SOME have said that the rapid expansion of the generic drug industry over the past decade — and the influx of drugs from overseas companies in countries like India — has compromised quality.	61_5	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Meanwhile, many 19th-century feminists tended to regard abortion as an undesirable necessity forced upon women by thoughtless men [ref].	118_5	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Canadian anti-abortion discourse increasingly (a) focuses beyond legislative change for its objectives; (b) is adopting a pro-women tone; (c) avoids public appeals to relation to ground its position; and (d) employs new explicit arguments (the abortion-harms-women argument) and revises older ones (the older fetal-centric argument) in ways that change to perspective towards more modern, and pro-women views than the prior [ref].	118_5	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Parliament passed and President Dmitri Medvedev signed several restrictions on abortion into law to combat a falling birthrate and plunging population [ref].	118_5	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	VH1 executive vice president Michael Hirschorn wrote in 2007 that the plots and subject matters on reality television are more authentic and more engaging than in scripted dramas, writing that scripted network television remains dominated by variants on the police procedural... in which a stock group of characters (ethnically, sexually, and generationally diverse) grapples with endless versions of the same dilemma.	31_7	-1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Reality television has the potential to turn its participants into national celebrities, at least for a short period.	31_7	-1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Springboard for political success	31_7	-1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Studies have shown that young people emulate the behavior displayed on these programs, gathering much of their knowledge of the social world, particularly about consumer practices, from television [ref].	31_7	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	A 2012 survey by Today.com found that Americans who watch reality television regularly are more extroverted, more neurotic, and have lower self-esteem than those who do not [ref].	31_7	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	Various participants on the 2004-2007 show Pimp My Ride, which shows cars in poor condition being restored and customized in order to match their owners' interests, have stated that elements of the show were faked.	31_9	1
C	Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	The very premise of some reality shows has been called into question.	31_9	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	That might nudge up the vaccination rates, but it might not be enough to hit the golden 95 percent mark across all demographics that keeps pathogens at bay.	70_2	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	If they're unable to pay the fine, there's not only less incentive to vaccinate, there's added animosity and mistrust.	70_2	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Mandatory vaccinations also cost a lot in resources, chasing up penalties often for little gain.	70_2	-1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Education in all its forms (informal, non-formal, and formal) is crucial to ensure human dignity of all individuals.	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	The aims of education, as set out in the International human rights law (IHRL), are therefore all directed to the realization of the individual’s rights and dignity [ref].	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	These include, among others, ensuring human dignity and the full and holistic development of the human personality; fostering physical and cognitive development; allowing for the acquisition of knowledge, skills, and talents; contributing to the realization of the full potential of the individual; enhancing self-esteem and increasing confidence; encouraging respect for human rights; shaping a person’s sense of identity and affiliation with others; enabling socialization and meaningful interaction with others; enabling a person to shape the world around them enables their participation in community life; contributing to a full and satisfying life within society; and empowering and allowing for the increased enjoyment of other human rights [ref].	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Education is also transformative for the state and society.	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	As one of the most important mechanisms by which social groups, in particular indigenous peoples and minorities are maintained from generation to generation, passing on language, culture, identity, values, and customs, education is also one of the key ways states can ensure their economic, social, political, and cultural interests [ref].	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Promote sustainable economic growth;	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Foster democratic and peaceful societies;	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Encourage participation and inclusion in decision-making processes;	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Encourage a rich cultural life;	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Help build a national identity;	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Promote social justice aims;	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Overcome persistent and entrenched challenges;	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	The Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that everyone has the right to education, hence the right applies to all individuals, although children are considered as the main beneficiaries [ref].	26_6	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	That is, anyone who meets the necessary education standards should be able to go to university.	26_6	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	The same group of reformers highlighted the potentially positive outcomes that could be achieved by encouraging criminals to address the causes of their criminality and to acquire skills that would allow them to reintegrate into society.	48_8	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Recently, radical criminologists such as Peter Moskos[i] have suggested using carefully applied, medically supervised corporal punishment as an alternative to prison.	48_8	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	With fair trials, the presumption of innocence until guilt is proven and the outcome decided by the presiding judge, corporal punishment is part of a proper sentencing framework.	48_8	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	In summary, corporal punishment acts as a form of deterrence and provides justice for victims, while offenders are dealt with under a fair and transparent legal system.	48_8	1
C	Should we promote social networks	However, it is also argued that social media has positive effects, such as allowing the democratization of the Internet[195] while also allowing individuals to advertise themselves and form friendships [ref].	4_6	1
C	Should we promote social networks	There has been a dramatic decrease in face-to-face interactions as more and more social media platforms have been introduced with the threat of cyber-bullying and online sexual predators being more prevalent [ref].	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media may expose children to images of alcohol, tobacco, and sexual behaviors[relevant?	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	For Malcolm Gladwell, the role of social media, such as Twitter and Facebook, in revolutions and protests is overstated [ref].	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	On one hand, social media make it easier for individuals, and in this case activists, to express themselves.	4_6	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Added to this is the danger to security of information, which can be leaked to third parties with economic interests in the platform, or parasites who comb the data for their own databases [ref].	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Some information is captured without the user's knowledge or consent through electronic tracking and third party applications.	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Data and information may also be collected for third party use.	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	There have been many cases in which young persons especially, share personal information, which can attract predators.	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Others argue, however, that people are still very concerned about their privacy, but are being ignored by the companies running these social networks, who can sometimes make a profit off of sharing someone's personal information.	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	The commercial development of social media has been criticized as the actions of consumers in these settings has become increasingly value-creating, for example when consumers contribute to the marketing and branding of specific products by posting positive reviews.	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	As social media usage has become increasingly widespread, social media has to a large extent come to be subjected to commercialization by marketing companies and advertising agencies [ref].	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Twitter can be used to enhance communication building and critical thinking and it provides students with an informal back channel), and extend discussion outside of class time.	4_6	1
C	Should we promote social networks	In some countries, Internet police or secret police monitor or control citizens' use of social media.	4_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Reproduction of Class Distinctions	4_6	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Among these critics, almost every social ill from poverty to pollution to pestilence seems to be caused by globalization and the evils of capitalism.	12_6	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In this paper we shall argue that the increased openness of economic life around the globe has generated great benefits to vast numbers of people.	12_6	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Furthermore, we contend that globalization and the extension of freer markets to the world's people offer the best hope for sustained progress around the world.	12_6	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Government solutions of the sorts supported by those opposing globalization will consign millions of the world's poorest people to continued squalor.	12_6	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization is the path to higher incomes, and with higher incomes comes the willingness and means to deal with environmental problems.	12_6	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Sport is a waste of school time and resources.	42_5	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Schools aren’t supposed to be about fostering achievers for the state – that smacks of Stalinism.	42_5	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	PE simply adds, needlessly, to this hectic schedule.	42_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Often social media can become a good source of information and/or explanation of industry trends for a business to embrace change.	4_3	1
C	Should we promote social networks	This leads to questions of privacy and surveillance when user data is recorded.	4_3	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	The role of social media in democratizing media participation, which proponents herald as ushering in a new era of participatory democracy, with all users able to contribute news and comments, may fall short of the ideals, given that many often follow like-minded individuals, as noted by Philip Pond and Jeff Lewis [ref].	4_3	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Younger generations are becoming more involved in politics due to the increase of political news posted on social media.	4_3	1
C	Should we promote social networks	One challenge is that militant groups have begun to see social media as a major organizing and recruiting tool [ref].	4_3	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Use of social media by young people has caused significant problems for some applicants who are active on social media when they try to enter the job market.	4_3	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media have been used to assist in searches for missing persons.	4_3	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media comments and images are being used in a range of court cases including employment law, child custody/child support and insurance disability claims.	4_3	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media can be used to advertise; placing an advert on Facebook's Newsfeed, for example, can allow a vast number of people to see it or targeting specific audiences from their usage to encourage awareness of the product or brand.	4_3	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Data from social media can be also used for different scientific approaches.	4_3	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Like children or minors in the U.S., and unlike corporations, a fetus or an embryo is not legally a person, not having reached the age of majority and not deemed able to enter into contracts and sue or be sued [ref].	118_2	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Furthermore, there are logistic difficulties in treating a fetus as the object of direct action.	118_2	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Time defined privacy, in relation to abortion, as the ability of a woman to decide what happens to her own body [ref].	118_2	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Both cases relied on the born alive rule, inherited from English common law, to determine that the fetus was not a person at law.	118_2	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	It is also possible to predict winners in a match using big data analytics [ref].	29_9	1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	The results hint that there may potentially be a relationship between the economic success of a country and the information-seeking behavior of its citizens captured in big data.	29_9	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	You can enjoy your betting and gaming at any time you choose: all from the comfort of your own home.	45_8	-1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Most gambling sites cater for all budgets.	45_8	-1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Your privacy is assured when betting and gaming online.	45_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	There are technical, scientific, and cultural factors that are instructive in exploring why humans, and Earth as currently constructed, aren't well-suited to having a universal language.	13_2	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	On one level, we know that academic success isn’t the only measure of value.	115_8	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Although grades are not an accurate representation of one’s intelligence, they are still important when determining one’s future.	115_8	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	I’ve always been a strong believer that grades are not a true reflection of one’s intelligence and that anybody has the ability to do well in school.	115_8	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	In addition, I have seen many of my highly intelligent peers not receive A’s in all of their classes simply because they do not enjoy certain subjects that they are required to take.	115_8	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Although grades are not a true reflection of one’s intelligence, they do show the amount of work ethic each student has, and who is willing to apply themselves even when they do not want to.	115_8	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	More important is the way boxing offers a way out of poverty for working class boys.	50_7	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	Boxing is much safer when it is legal but regulated.	50_7	-1
C	Should boxing be banned	It would be very unfair to ban professional boxing in particular.	50_7	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The market for renewable energy technologies has continued to grow.	47_2	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy technologies are getting cheaper, through technological change and through the benefits of mass production and market competition.	47_2	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable technologies are now often the most economic solution for new generating capacity.	47_2	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The existing fossil and nuclear fuel based power generation can only sustain till their supplementation is required for the RES power generation.	47_2	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	From my own personal perspective, I don't think there's anything unethical about any of it, however it's ethically controversial, said Dr. Mark Sauer, chief of the division of reproductive endocrinology and infertility at Columbia University Medical Center.	96_1	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Some people view choosing the gender of the baby as a part of the concern that IVF is upsetting a natural process, and those concerns date back to the first IVF baby born in 1978, said Sauer, who is a member of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine Ethics Committee, which issues opinions about assisted reproductive technologies.	96_1	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	It helps doctors determine which embryos are most viable and rule out chromosomal abnormalities responsible for conditions such as Down syndrome and Turner syndrome.	96_1	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Some doctors have argued that manipulating the embryo in order to do the screening carries intrinsic risk to the embryo.	96_1	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Likewise, there is growing evidence that IVF in general is safe, Sauer said.	96_1	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	If anything, the screening step may lead to safer pregnancies.	96_1	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	It could lead to gender bias	96_1	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	So far there is no evidence, at least in the United States, that giving couples the option of selecting the sex of their child could lead to a surplus of girls or boys.	96_1	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Sex selection kind of undermines the concept of unconditional love and obligation by making the love conditional upon the child being a certain thing, in this case, a boy or a girl, Foht said.	96_1	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Sauer is less worried that choosing gender will affect how a parent loves their child.	96_1	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	It could divert resources away from medically necessary IVF	96_1	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Nevertheless, some insurance plans do cover IVF, as well as screening, and in these cases it's conceivable that there could be competition for limited IVF resources, he added.	96_1	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	However, ethicists have challenged these types of bans, arguing that sex selection will not lead to gender imbalance in the population.	96_1	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	If AI surpasses humanity in general intelligence and becomes superintelligent, then this new superintelligence could become powerful and difficult to control.	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	More broadly, examples like arithmetic and Go show that progress from human-level AI to superhuman ability is sometimes extremely rapid [ref].	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, the standard undergraduate AI textbook [ref], assesses that superintelligence might mean the end of the human race: Almost any technology has the potential to cause harm in the wrong hands, but with (superintelligence), we have the new problem that the wrong hands might belong to the technology itself [ref].	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	If superintelligent AI is possible, and if it is possible for a superintelligence's goals to conflict with basic human values, then AI poses a risk of human extinction.	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A superintelligence (a system that exceeds the capabilities of humans in every relevant endeavor) can outmaneuver humans any time its goals conflict with human goals; therefore, unless the superintelligence decides to allow humanity to coexist, the first superintelligence to be created will inexorably result in human extinction [ref].	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Bostrom and others argue that, from an evolutionary perspective, the gap from human to superhuman intelligence may be small [ref].	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Examples like arithmetic and Go show that machines have already reached superhuman levels of competency in certain domains, and that this superhuman competence can follow quickly after human-par performance is achieved [ref].	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	The AI then possesses intelligence far surpassing that of the brightest and most gifted human minds in practically every relevant field, including scientific creativity, strategic planning, and social skills.	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Just as the current-day survival of the gorillas is dependent on human decisions, so too would human survival depend on the decisions and goals of the superhuman AI [ref].	5_2	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Thus, the argument concludes, it is likely that someday an intelligence explosion will catch humanity unprepared, and that such an unprepared-for intelligence explosion may result in human extinction or a comparable fate [ref].	5_2	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You can determine the ways to handle issues of the disagreements on difficult issues such as the property ownership, the debt issue, or the ways to treat the children if the couple later separate or divorce or if one spouse dies, and many more.	52_3	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	By signing the prenuptial agreement, you and your prospective spouse are going to disclosure the income, assets, and liabilities so that there will be no financial secrets.	52_3	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Having a prenuptial agreement can lead to the trust issue.	52_3	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Furthermore, this agreement can hurt the feelings and cause the conflict in the marriage later.	52_3	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	The expenses spent for the fee of the lawyer, the registration, notarization, and English translation are costly and can cause the financial strain.	52_3	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Having implied the marriage will end	52_3	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	We realize that animals feel pain, and we think that to inflict pain without a reason is bad.	17_5	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Scruton therefore regards the emergence of the animal rights movement as the strangest cultural shift within the liberal worldview, because the idea of rights and responsibilities is, he argues, distinctive to the human condition, and it makes no sense to spread them beyond our own species [ref].	17_5	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Scientists such as Jane Goodall and Richard Dawkins believe in the capacity of nonhuman great apes, humans' closest relatives, to possess rationality and self-awareness [ref].	17_5	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	In Christian theology, the founder of the Methodist movement, John Wesley, was a Christian vegetarian and maintained that animals had immortal souls and that there were considerable similarities between human and non-human animals [ref].	17_5	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The death penalty guarantees that convicted murderers will never kill again.	68_6	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	A death sentence is the only irrevocable penalty that protects innocent lives.	68_6	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Maintains justice	68_6	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	To many, capital punishment symbolizes justice and is the only way to adequately express society’s revulsion of the murder of innocent lives.	68_6	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	According to a 2018 Gallup Poll, the majority of Americans (55%) think that legal executions fit the crime of what convicted killers deserve.	68_6	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The death penalty is a way to restore society’s balance of justice – by showing that the most severe crimes are intolerable and will be punished in kind.	68_6	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Historians and constitutional lawyers seem to agree that by the time the Founding Fathers wrote and signed the U.S. Constitution in 1787, and when the Bill of Rights were ratified and added in 1791, the death penalty was an acceptable and permissible form of punishment for premeditated murder.	68_6	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	There’s no concrete evidence showing that the death penalty actually deters crime.	68_6	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	More expensive than imprisonment	68_6	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Contrary to popular belief, the death penalty is actually more expensive than keeping an inmate in prison, even for life.	68_6	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	While the cost of the actual execution may be minimal, the overall costs surrounding a capital case (where the death penalty is a potential punishment) are enormously high.	68_6	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	And this is before factoring in appeals, which are more time-consuming and therefore cost more than life-sentence appeals, as well as higher prison costs for death-row inmates.	68_6	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Studies show that capital punishment does not bring comfort to those affected by violent and fatal crimes.	68_6	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The Bottom Line: The death penalty has been used to maintain the balance of justice throughout history, punishing violent criminals in the severest way to ensure they won’t kill again.	68_6	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	It is generally defined as the problematic, compulsive use of social media platforms that results in significant impairment in an individual's function in various life domains over a prolonged period.	4_7	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Problematic social media use is associated with mental health symptoms, such as anxiety and depression, in children and young people [ref].	4_7	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media may also be utilized in some situations to improve mood [ref].	4_7	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media allows users to openly share their feelings, values, and thoughts.	4_7	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media also contributes to discrimination and cyberbullying.	4_7	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Although using social media can satisfy personal communication needs, those who use them at higher rates are shown to have higher levels of psychological distress [ref].	4_7	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Positive-outcome expectations and limited self-control of social media use can develop into addictive social media use.	4_7	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Griffiths also postulated in 2014 that social networking online may fulfill basic evolutionary drives, after mass urbanization worldwide.	4_7	1
C	Should we promote social networks	In 2018, Harvard University neurobiology research technician Trevor Haynes postulated that social media may stimulate the reward pathway in the brain [ref].	4_7	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The capabilities approach focuses on what individuals require to fulfill their capabilities: Nussbaum (2006) argues that animals need a right to life, some control over their environment, company, play, and physical health [ref].	17_4	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	His position is that there is no reason not to give equal consideration to the interests of human and nonhumans, though his principle of equality does not require identical treatment.	17_4	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Scientific publications have made it clear since the 1980s that the majority of researchers do believe animals suffer and feel pain, though it continues to be argued that their suffering may be reduced by an inability to experience the same dread of anticipation as humans, or to remember the suffering as vividly [ref].	17_4	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	He argues that there is no reason to suppose that the pain behavior of nonhumans would have a different meaning from the pain behavior of humans [ref].	17_4	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Tom Regan, professor emeritus of philosophy at North Carolina State University, argues in The Case for Animal Rights (1983) that nonhuman animals are what he calls subjects-of-a-life, and as such are bearers of rights [ref].	17_4	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	In sum, Garry suggests that humans have obligations to nonhuman animals; animals do not, and ought not to, have uninfringible rights against humans.	17_4	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Critics argue animal testing is inhumane, wasteful and unreliable—90 percent of drugs fail human trial despite positive animal test results.	17_6	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	But scientists argue animal testing is still necessary; nearly every medical breakthrough of the last decade has involved animal research.	17_6	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal rights advocates say there are plenty of viable alternatives to animal testing that are often more accurate and precise than animal tests.	17_6	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal testing is a cruel and unnecessary practice.	17_6	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	With an animal testing ban, innovation could be stalled.	17_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The purpose of minimum wage laws is to stop employers from exploiting desperate workers.	86_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The minimum wage should provide enough income to afford a living wage.	86_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	First, workers who can cover the cost of living have better morale.	86_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Second, it reduces income inequality while providing an incentive to work.	86_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Third, a minimum wage spurs economic growth.	86_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Fourth, workers who have more time and money can then invest in their education.	86_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Fifth, minimum wage laws benefit individual businesses.	86_8	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Second, minimum wage laws raise business labor costs.	86_8	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	This increases the unemployment rate.	86_8	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Third, the minimum wage penalizes companies that are labor-intensive.	86_8	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Fourth, minimum wage laws may increase job outsourcing.	86_8	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Sixth, it could raise the cost of living in some areas.	86_8	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Some research shows that a minimum wage can increase the number of jobs in an economy.	86_8	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	It’s a summer ritual in many American cities — declaring a juvenile curfew to keep troublemaking teenagers off the streets.	66_9	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	The report stated that, “evidence suggests that juvenile curfews are ineffective at reducing crime and victimization.	66_9	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	For one thing, the studies found that they damage already-strained relationships between police and youth of color and in some instances have “blowback” effects, increasing juvenile victimization or overall crime.	66_9	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Using ShotSpotter audio sensor data, the authors found that gunfire incidents were significantly more frequent when the curfew was in effect.	66_9	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Curfews remove bystanders and witnesses from the streets, reducing their deterrent effects on street crime.	66_9	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Therefore, neoclassical economists argue that—all else being equal—raising the minimum wage will have adverse effects on employment.	86_6	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Other economists of different schools of thought argue that a limited increase in the minimum wage does not affect or increases the number of jobs available.	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	A literature review conducted by David Neumark and William Wascher in 2007 (which surveyed 101 studies related to the employment effects of minimum wages) found that about two-thirds of peer-reviewed economic research showed a positive correlation between minimum wage hikes and increased unemployment—especially for young and unskilled workers.	86_6	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Statistical meta-analysis conducted by Tom Stanley in 2005 in contrast found that there is evidence of publication bias in minimum wage literature, and that correction of this bias shows no relationship between the minimum wage and unemployment [ref].	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Estimated minimum wage effects on employment from a meta-study of 64 other studies showed insignificant employment effect (both practically and statistically) from minimum-wage raises.	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) in contrast in 2013 found in a review of multiple studies since 2000 that there was little or no employment response to modest increases in the minimum wage [ref].	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Similarly, a study led by Richard Burkhauser in 2000 concluded that minimum wage increases significantly reduce the employment of the most vulnerable groups in the working-age population—young adults without a high school degree (aged 20-24), young black adults and teenagers (aged 16-24), and teenagers (aged 16-19) [ref].	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Conceptually, raising the minimum wage increases the cost of labor, ceteris paribus.	86_6	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	They concluded, Minimum wage increases appear to reduce the suicide rate among those with a high school education or less, and may reduce disparities between socioeconomic groups.	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	A 2016 White House report based on back of envelope calculations and literature review argued that higher hourly wages led to less crime [ref].	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The study by the Council of Economic Advisers calculated that raising the minimum wage reduces crime by 3 to 5 percent.	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	In contrast in a 1987 journal article, Masanori Hashimoto noted that minimum wage hikes lead to increased levels of property crime in areas affected by the minimum wage after its increase [ref].	86_6	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	An increase in the minimum wage is a form of redistribution from higher-income persons (business owners or capital) to lower income persons (workers or labor) and therefore should reduce income inequality.	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Similarly, Arindrajit Dube, professor of economics at University of Massachusetts Amherst, found in a 2017 study robust evidence that higher minimum wages lead to increases in incomes among families at the bottom of the income distribution and that these wages reduce the poverty rate.	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	A separate study by the same researchers found that minimum wages tend to increase the proportion of families with incomes below or near the poverty line [ref].	86_6	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Similarly, a 2002 study led by Richard Vedder, professor of economics at Ohio University, concluded that The empirical evidence is strong that minimum wages have had little or no effect on poverty in the U.S.	86_6	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	According to a large majority of economists, minimum wage increases result in a variety of negative effects for lower-skilled workers including reduced employment, reduced hours, reduced benefits, and less safe working conditions [ref].	86_6	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	He admitted it was the choice of the market while claiming it as low culture.	100_3	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	They found that the more alcohol the doctors reported drinking, the lower their chance of developing coronary artery disease, despite their dietary habits.	88_10	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Other studies have found hints that alcohol might alter the balance of these factors for the better, which pointed to a possible mechanism by which alcohol in moderation could improve health.	88_10	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Whatever the effects that alcohol does or doesn’t have on your heart disease risk, it can still hasten your death in a myriad of other colourful ways.	88_10	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The World Health Organization reported last year that drinking can increase your risk of depression and anxiety, liver cirrhosis, pancreatitis, suicide, violence, and accidental injury.	88_10	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol is also linked to cancer of the mouth, nose, larynx, oesophagus, colon, liver, and breast cancer in women.	88_10	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Importantly, even moderate drinking confers some increased risk: just one glass a day increases the risk of breast cancer by 4%, while heavy drinking can increase the risk by 40-50%.	88_10	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Heavy drinking weakens the immune system and is therefore linked with pneumonia and tuberculosis.	88_10	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	And drinking during pregnancy can cause damage to the foetus, leading to Foetal Alcohol Syndrome.	88_10	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The death penalty prevents future murders: Agree	68_10	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Since society has the highest interest in preventing murder, it should use the strongest punishment available to deter murder, and that is the death penalty.	68_10	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	If murderers are sentenced to death and executed, potential murderers will think twice before killing for fear of losing their own life.	68_10	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Ernest van den Haag, a Professor of Jurisprudence at Fordham University who has studied the question of deterrence closely, wrote: Even though statistical demonstrations are not conclusive, and perhaps cannot be, capital punishment is likely to deter more than other punishments because people fear death more than anything else.	68_10	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Hence, the threat of the death penalty may deter some murderers who otherwise might not have been deterred.	68_10	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Finally, the death penalty certainly deters the murderer who is executed.	68_10	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Both as a deterrent and as a form of permanent incapacitation, the death penalty helps to prevent future crime.	68_10	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Supporters of the use of animals in experiments, such as the British Royal Society, argue that virtually every medical achievement in the 20th century relied on the use of animals in some way [ref].	17_8	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The Institute for Laboratory Animal Research of the United States National Academy of Sciences has argued that animal research cannot be replaced by even sophisticated computer models, which are unable to deal with the extremely complex interactions between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms and the environment [ref].	17_8	-1
C	Should animal testing be banned	Animal rights organizations—such as PETA and BUAV—question the need for and legitimacy of animal testing, arguing that it is cruel and poorly regulated, that medical progress is actually held back by misleading animal models that cannot reliably predict effects in humans, that some of the tests are outdated, that the costs outweigh the benefits, or that animals have the intrinsic right not to be used or harmed in experimentation [ref].	17_8	1
C	Should animal testing be banned	The advancements made in this research involving the use of dogs has resulted in a definite improvement in the quality of life for both humans and animals.	17_8	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	The use and adoption of big data within governmental processes allows efficiencies in terms of cost, productivity, and innovation [ref], but does not come without its flaws.	29_4	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Advancements in big data analysis offer cost-effective opportunities to improve decision-making in critical development areas such as health care, employment, economic productivity, crime, security, and natural disaster and resource management [ref].	29_4	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The extreme magnitude of the Games has made them much more than the greatest event in sports competition — they are a tool for economic development, cultural integration, and social regeneration.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Games represent big business.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Although hosting the games comes with a certain amount of risk — after all, spending exorbitantly on a short-lived event is a questionable long-term strategy — the possible cultural and economic showcase often seems to outweigh any financial risk involved.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Hosting the Olympic Games comes with a gigantic price tag for infrastructure, security, and more — and it is not guaranteed that hosting the Games will come with a profit.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Economic growth, infrastructure legacies, and image promotion are among the top benefits of hosting the Games.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	It also affects the economy, as more jobs are created.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Sydney gained more worldwide attention.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	New suburbs were created.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Environmental benefits resulted.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Some analysts say the Games had a sizeable negative effect on the economy, and that international visits decreased afterward.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The city aspired to use the Games to help reconnect communities across the UK, drive social change, and foster a new culture of volunteer work.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	In addition to the economic benefits, there were many positive social impacts of the London 2012 Olympics:	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Increase in volunteerism.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	A main criticism of the Olympic Games is that the hosting city is now more commonly awarded to developing nations, which places a significant financial and logistical burden on the economy.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, for example, come with concerns resulting from political and social unrest, water pollution, the Zika virus outbreak, and a troubled economy.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Some infrastructure sits vacant after the games, such as those in Athens.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Other forms of tourism that generate profits come to a halt during an Olympiad.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Leadership approached the Games with a very cautious attitude, and “it was against this backdrop that the failure of power became more and more severe.” Furthermore, most of the infrastructure created for the Games are now empty and, therefore, not bringing in a profit.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	An outcry over human rights also resulted from the 2008 Games, as 5 million Beijing residents were evicted from their homes to create space for Olympic infrastructures.	3_9	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympic Games today are magical in many ways, as they bring together people from around the globe in a peaceful display of competition, elite athleticism, and worldwide tradition.	3_9	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Games represent excellence and pushing our body’s limits, but they also represent our collective appreciation for peace and unity as human beings.	3_9	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	“Pageants are public cultural spectacles with huge built-in audiences, so they are a platform for protest,” said Carol Hanisch, a feminist activist.	87_4	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Pageants have long been criticized for their antiquated beauty standards and, in many cases, outright racism or gender stereotyping.	87_6	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Not everyone is interested in visiting museums- and admission price is NOT the primary barrier to engagement	49_6	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	As it turns out, admission fees are generally not a major factor in their lack of inclination to visit a museum.	49_6	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	In other words, a decision not to visit a museum is often more a function of lifestyle than finances.	49_6	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Free admission does not significantly affect long-term attendance.	49_6	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Free admission accelerates re-visitation- but for audiences who are already visiting	49_6	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	More than 200 injuries and disease conditions are caused due to alcohol abuse [ref].	88_3	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Harmful use of alcohol has been identified as a global health issue, and its management is a priority in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development [ref].	88_3	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The potential of injuring oneself or others can be increased after consuming alcohol due to the certain short term effects related to the substance such as lack of coordination, blurred vision, and slower reflexes to name a few [ref].	88_3	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	One of the pros of working in renewable energy is that it is projected to grow indefinitely.	47_10	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy is abundant and stable	47_10	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy is technology-based	47_10	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy has low maintenance requirements	47_10	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy promotes energy independence	47_10	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy has higher upfront costs	47_10	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy has geographic restrictions	47_10	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Renewable energy requires storage	47_10	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Countries that host the Olympic Games invest billions of dollars hoping to see a boom in their economy, from increased tourism spending and infrastructure updates.	3_7	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Host countries can see an increase in trade, which can also lead to increased foreign investment.	3_7	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	These measures can help revitalize areas in need of updates and can also help to increase the productive capacity of the economy.	3_7	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	During the Olympics, host countries see increased travel and tourism-related spending, since people from across the world are visiting to watch the Olympic Games.	3_7	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	This can marginally help contribute to economic growth.	3_7	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	There’s also a “feel good” effect felt throughout the country and a sense of pride leading up to the Olympics and after the games are finished.	3_7	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Hosting the Olympics is rarely profitable, especially in emerging countries, although some host countries have been successful in making a profit and boosting their economy.	3_7	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	On the other hand, some countries have nearly gone bankrupt after hosting the Olympics.	3_7	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	While it is possible for a country to realize economic benefits from hosting the Olympics, most countries increase their debt and fail to repurpose the accommodations that have been built.	3_7	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Although this will likely foster some sense of national unity, we do not suspect that the perception of the country has changed such that we should see massive tourist inflows, nor do we believe that its economic prospects have markedly changed as a result of hosting.	3_7	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	This proves to the company that you have the technical know-how or even competence to deliver in the workplace.	115_9	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Generally, those who score high grades in school tend to attain plum jobs that pay good salaries.	115_9	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Allows students to keep future options open: Behind English, maths and science subjects are some of the most common prerequisites for university degrees, with one or more of these subjects often required for entry into fields such as engineering, science, health and some business specialisations.	53_8	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Addresses skills shortages: It is hoped that exposing students to maths and science subjects in their senior years may encourage students to pursue study in these areas at tertiary level.	53_8	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	May impact final results: In order to perform well in end-of-year results, students need to choose subjects that they are good at.	53_8	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Leaves less room for choice: With English already a compulsory subject in all states and territories, adding another mandatory subject to the Year 12 curriculum further restricts the number of elective subjects students can choose.	53_8	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Maths and science should be chosen, not forced: Many have argued that instead of making these subjects compulsory, there should be a greater focus on making science and maths engaging and exciting to students, so they want to study these subjects in their senior years and beyond.	53_8	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Lord Winston, the television presenter and professor of science and society at Imperial College London, said that mathematics lies at the heart of rational decision making and everyone should aspire to understand its basic principles.	53_8	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Our economy increasingly needs people who are really well-trained in mathematics and science, he said.	53_8	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Making maths compulsory beyond the age of 16 is one way of helping to solve the problem, it says.	53_8	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	There is hardly any area that doesn't have mathematics to underpin it.	53_8	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Thus exercise has been associated with a decrease in mortality [ref].	10_7	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Neil Postman also contends that social media will increase an information disparity between winners – who are able to use the social media actively – and losers – who are not familiar with modern technologies or who do not have access to them.	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Recent research has demonstrated that social media, and media in general, have the power to increase the scope of stereotypes not only in children but people all ages [ref].	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Rosen also cites Brigham Young University researchers who recently surveyed 184 users of social networking sites and found that heavy users 'feel less socially involved with the community around them.'	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media can also have negative social effects on users.	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Studies also show that social media have negative effects on peoples' self-esteem and self-worth.	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media has both a practical usage- to connect us with others, but also can lead to fulfillment of gratification [ref].	4_5	1
C	Should we promote social networks	In addition, social media use can lead to detrimental physical health effects.	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Excessive use of digital technology, like social media, by adolescents can cause disruptions in their physical and mental health, in sleeping patterns, their weight and levels of exercise and notably in their academic performance.	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	At the same time, a 2017 shown that there is a link between social media addiction and negative mental health effects.	4_5	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media has allowed for mass cultural exchange and intercultural communication.	4_5	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media has offered a new platform for peer pressure with both positive and negative communication.	4_5	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Income has always played an important role in shaping academic success.	26_7	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Those who come from a family of a higher socioeconomic status (SES) are privileged with more opportunities than those of lower SES.	26_7	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	The extraordinarily high cost of the many prestigious high schools and universities in the United States makes an attempt at a level playing field for all students not so level.	26_7	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines are loud, and their lights are annoying	121_10	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	In the case of wind, the up-front cost of construction is comparatively high, but the ongoing operational cost is negligible.	121_10	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines can kill birds and bats	121_10	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines can make people sick	121_10	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind energy takes farmland out of production	121_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	These antifeminists contend that feminism demonizes men (misandry) and that women are not oppressed in 21st century Western countries.	43_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	These skills are necessary before anything else when making a decision, passing a judgement, using a computer or reading the news.'	53_7	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematical and logical thinking is essential to a strong mental development.	53_7	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	We cannot make learning optional.	53_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Given that basic mathematics skills are a necessity in everyday life and in every subject there is on offer; its proper teaching should be made compulsory at the (I)G.C.S.E/G.C.E/I.C.E level.	53_7	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Many of these skills can be learnt in other subjects.	53_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The very fact that Maths is compulsory is causing it to be unpopular.	53_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics has a very limited application.	53_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics has limited application in real life.	53_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Therefore, science already teaches children the skills that maths is claimed to teach.	53_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	If we took math out of the compulsory syllabus and replaced it with arithmetic, children who are perfectly capable of calculating will have more of a chance in the work environment.	53_7	-1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	For many, the skills taught in mathematics are completely useless.	53_7	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Scientific exploration demonstrated that while mineral riches exist in Antarctica, the conditions for profitable extraction do not, and over time scientific activities became the main political and economic activity in Antarctica.	60_12	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Scientific expeditions have found valuable minerals in some of these Antarctic areas, including antimony, chromium, copper, gold, lead, molybdenum, tin, uranium, and zinc.	60_12	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Because of the high costs of polar operations, few conceivable resources—excepting those with high unit value such as platinum, gold, and perhaps diamonds—have any likelihood for exploitation.	60_12	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	A rich imagination can envision many possible ways in which Antarctica and its materials might be used to benefit humans.	60_12	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Moreover, the importance of Antarctica as a strategic military location has declined in the 21st century because of the increasing capability of long-range aircraft, rocketry, satellite surveillance, and the changing nature of war.	60_12	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	In contrast, abstinence-only programs discuss abstinence, or refraining from sex until marriage, as the only guarantee of protection from the growing epidemics of teenage pregnancy, STDs, and HIV/AIDS.	64_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Some positive aspects of providing condoms included that providing condoms could reduce incidence of unwanted, teenage pregnancy and the spread of STDs.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	It is a wise investment by the government to supply condoms for schools in that it is very expensive to address problems created by irresponsible sexual behaviors.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	This website also mentioned that providing condoms empowers women in that historically, women have suffered from restrictive reproduction regulations.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Finally, another positive aspect of condoms in schools is that they are the most effective (and cost-effective) way to prevent pregnancy, STDs, and HIV/AIDS.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	The argument against condom distribution includes the assumption that it encourages an earlier onset of sexual activity, that it is a potential offence to religious people/groups, and that it is wrong for taxpayers to be forced to financially support a program they consider morally objectionable.	64_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Just as a pro side of condom availability is that condom use will become the norm, a con side of the argument is that sexual activity in general will become the norm.	64_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	These programs do not include condoms because they believe they encourage sexual activity.	64_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	For example, President Mwanawasa, of Zambia, banned the distribution of condoms in schools, stating that it would encourage immorality and actually increase the speed with which HIV/AIDS spread among teenagers, who are responsible for the economic future of the country (http://www.dispatch.co.zm/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=292).	64_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	One journal made the point that many teenagers are sexually active, but are too embarrassed or have no means to obtain condoms if they are not made available in school.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	This article claimed that “sexual responsibility today means using a condom to prevent pregnancy and disease.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	If teenagers are embarrassed in their efforts to acquire condoms, pregnancy and diseases will be the result, not abstinence” (Singer 1994).	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Finally, the American Medical Association concluded in their review of “Sexuality Education, Abstinence, and Distribution of Condoms in Schools” that condom availability programs do not hasten initial sexual intercourse or activity.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Most of these parents also believed that making condoms available would result in safer sex practices among students who were sexually active (Guttmacher et.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Seventy-six of these students reported the belief that making condoms more accessible would not change the rate of sexual activity among adolescents (Fanburg, Kaplan, & Naylor, 1995).	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Other studies have reported negative or negligible effects of condoms in schools.	64_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Another study showed that making condoms available in schools in Seattle had allowed students access to many condoms but this change did not lead to increases in sexual activity or condom use (Kirby et.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Still other studies showed promising results for the possible effectiveness of condom distribution in schools.	64_2	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Yet another study showed that the benefit of a condom availability program was more than three times as great as the risk of a non-sexually active student feeling pressure or being encouraged to have sexual intercourse.	64_2	1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	That is, animals have the right to be treated as the individuals they are, with their own desires and needs, rather than as unfeeling property [ref].	74_1	1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	Critics of animal rights argue that nonhuman animals are unable to enter into a social contract, and thus cannot be possessors of rights, a view summed up by the philosopher Roger Scruton, who writes that only humans have duties, and therefore only humans have rights [ref].	74_1	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Negotiating the terms in the agreement may also put unnecessary stress on your marriage.	52_4	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	In those instances, spending time negotiating or talking about the prenup may put unnecessary strain on your relationship, only to realize you don’t actually need one.	52_4	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They place emphasis on beauty over talent.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They are expensive.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They are judged based on societal bias.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They enforce the traditional rules and perspectives in society.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They promote unhealthy physical habits.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They sexualize girls in ways that are inappropriate for their age.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They create adverse impacts on self-esteem.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Combined with a struggle to be “perfect,” there can be issues with body image that lead to eating disorders over time.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They can destroy parent-child relationships in the name of competition.	87_3	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They allow the parents to reap the financial benefits.	87_3	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics increase valuable tourism, which can boost local economies.	3_2	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics increase a host country's global trade and stature.	3_2	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	One economic study found that the Olympic effect is robust; hosting the games tends to increase a country's openness substantively and permanently [ref].	3_2	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics force host cities to create expensive infrastructure and buildings that fall into disuse.	3_2	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics create a sense of national pride.	3_2	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Moorad Choudhry, MBA, PhD, Treasurer of the Corporate Banking Division of the Royal Bank of Scotland, stated, A genuine feel-good factor [of hosting the Olympics] can be very positive for the economy, not just in terms of higher spending but also in productivity at work, which in turn boosts output [ref].	3_2	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics displace and burden residents of the host country and city.	3_2	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Moreover, while there is reason to fear that the power of woman’s character in the home and in society would thus be weakened by her exercise of the suffrage, the very qualities which do such good in moulding character would be ill applied to public action.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	It is in the interest of good morals that women ask for the ballot.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Neither should women underestimate the importance of their present position.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Still further, women have, on the whole, less information on political subjects than have men.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	The average woman knows nothing of this.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Thus, to enfranchise women would be, in the end, to diminish, if not the average sound judgment of the body of voters, at least the average information and the average interest in public affairs.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Women do not need the ballot for protection against impositions directed with especial severity against their possessions.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Moreover, even for these few there is danger that the right of suffrage would develop false ideals.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	They would lower themselves in the delusion that they were elevating politics.	43_10	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	In this respect, then, to just what extent it is idle to conjecture, woman suffrage might at present, in this country, have an injurious effect on her ideals and life.	43_10	-1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Former U.S. president Bill Clinton once said that municipal curfews on teenagers are designed to help people be better parents.	66_1	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	Studies show that these expectations of women and young girls negatively impact their views about their bodies and appearances.	37_4	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Some publicity about internet-initiated sex crimes against minors asserts that they involve deceit and violence, and begin by children and teenagers communicating with adult strangers known as internet predators over the internet and then meeting face to face.	107_5	1
C	Is the Internet harmful to interpersonal relationships?	Another possibly protective feature is that internet availability may have prompted adolescents to spend more time at home than they once did, which reduces their exposure to sexual victimization in other, more risky environments, which they may have formerly frequented. 	107_5	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Helps to tackle youth unemployment.	124_2	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Helps prevent Social Problems arising from youth unemployment.	124_2	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Danny Blanchflower recently advocated the increase in the school leaving age, arguing this could play a pivotal role in reducing youth unemployment.	124_2	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Pupils who don’t want to be in education can make school disruptive and cause problems for teachers and other pupils.	124_2	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	However, if 16 years olds have a wide range of studying options to choose from, it may be easier to give the training or education that young people will benefit from.	124_2	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Ed Balls also gave details of a new strategy to drive down the numbers of young people who are not in education, employment or training.	124_2	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Raising the participation age is about social justice too - young people who leave education and training at 16 are disproportionately from poor families.	124_2	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	The evidence is clear: Academic excellence is not a strong predictor of career excellence.	115_2	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Across industries, research shows that the correlation between grades and job performance is modest in the first year after college and trivial within a handful of years.	115_2	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Grades do not account for everything, and only really analyze a student's persistence to memorize trivial concepts and turn in busy work.	115_2	-1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.” Grades don’t matter, when all things are considered.	115_2	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Other criticisms of reality television shows include that they are intended to humiliate or exploit participants; that they make stars out of untalented people unworthy of fame, infamous figures, or both; and that they glamorize vulgarity.	100_1	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Critics have argued that reality television shows reflect reality in ways that are deceptive or even fraudulent through misleading editing, coaching participants on what to say and how to behave, generating storylines ahead of time, and staging or re-staging scenes for the cameras [ref].	100_1	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	The authenticity of reality television is often called into question by its detractors.	100_1	1
C	Should we support family education	The task of homeschooling a child is certainly not easy, especially for working parents, single parents or stay-at-home parents.	72_11	-1
C	Should we support family education	In comparison to public schools, where education is free, homeschooling can be costly.	72_11	-1
C	Should we support family education	Home schooled children may not have as many opportunities to interact with other children in comparison to children who attend regular schools.	72_11	-1
C	Should we support family education	Lack of Facilities	72_11	-1
C	Should we support family education	One of the reasons why homeschooling is bad is the fact that parents may lose patience when they are trying to educate their children.	72_11	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	The word euthanasia was first used in a medical context by Francis Bacon in the 17th century, to refer to an easy, painless, happy death, during which it was a physician's responsibility to alleviate the 'physical sufferings' of the body.	32_4	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Counterexamples can be given: such definitions may encompass killing a person suffering from an incurable disease for personal gain (such as to claim an inheritance), and commentators such as Tom Beauchamp and Arnold Davidson have argued that doing so would constitute murder simpliciter rather than euthanasia [ref].	32_4	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Likewise, James Field argued that euthanasia entails a sense of compassion towards the patient, in contrast to the diverse non-compassionate motives of serial killers who work in health care professions [ref].	32_4	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	In discussing his definition, Wreen noted the difficulty of justifying euthanasia when faced with the notion of the subject's right to life.	32_4	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	The importance of animal experiments for research	16_10	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Animal experiments can be replaced with alternative methods in a variety of areas.	16_10	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Improves functioning of the low-wage labor market which may be characterized by employer-side market power (monopsony) [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Raises family incomes at the bottom of the income distribution, and lowers poverty [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Removes financial stress[116] and encourages education [ref], resulting in better paying jobs.	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Increases the standard of living for the poorest and most vulnerable class in society and raises average [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Increases incentives to take jobs, as opposed to other methods of transferring income to the poor that are not tied to employment (such as food subsidies for the poor or welfare payments for the unemployed) [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Hence increases circulation of money through the economy [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Increased job growth and creation [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Encourages efficiency and automation of industry [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Removes low paying jobs, forcing workers to train for, and move to, higher paying jobs [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Increases technological development.	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Decreases the cost of government social welfare programs by increasing incomes for the lowest-paid [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Encourages people to join the workforce rather than pursuing money through illegal means, e.g., selling illegal drugs[126][127]	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Minimum wage alone is not effective at alleviating poverty, and in fact produces a net increase in poverty due to disemployment effects [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	This generates various industrial-economic inefficiencies [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Hurts small business more than large business [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	May cause price inflation as businesses try to compensate by raising the prices of the goods being sold [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Encourages employers to replace low-skilled workers with computers, such as self-checkout machines [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Can result in the exclusion of certain groups (ethnic, gender etc.)	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Discourages further education among the poor by enticing people to enter the job market [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Results in jobs moving to other areas or countries which allow lower-cost labor [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Results in higher long-term unemployment [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Results in higher prices for consumers, where products and services are produced by minimum-wage workers[142] (though non-labor costs represent a greater proportion of costs to consumers in industries like fast food and discount retail)[143][144]	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	A widely circulated argument that the minimum wage was ineffective at reducing poverty was provided by George Stigler in 1949:	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The impact of the minimum wage on family income distribution may be negative unless the fewer but better jobs are allocated to members of needy families rather than to, for example, teenagers from families not in poverty;	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Forbidding employers to pay less than a legal minimum is equivalent to forbidding workers to sell their labor for less than the minimum wage.	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	A study of U.S. states showed that businesses' annual and average payrolls grow faster and employment grew at a faster rate in states with a minimum wage [ref].	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The dollar value of the minimum wage loses purchasing power over time due to inflation.	86_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Because of this overall positive development, the Deutsche Bundesbank revised its opinion, and ascertained that “the impact of the introduction of the minimum wage on the total volume of work appears to be very limited in the present business cycle” [ref].	86_3	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	A 2019 study published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine showed that in the United States, those states which have implemented a higher minimum wage saw a decline in the growth of suicide rates.	86_3	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	As communities lose their language they often also lose parts of their cultural traditions which are tied to that language, such as songs, myths and poetry that are not easily transferred to another language.	13_5	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	This may in turn affect their sense of identity, producing a weakened social cohesion as their values and traditions are replaced with new ones.	13_5	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	Losing a language may also have political consequences as some countries confer different political statuses or privileges on minority ethnic groups, often defining ethnicity in terms of language.	13_5	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	When a language is lost, this knowledge is lost as well [ref].	13_5	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The state of Gujarat has had prohibition since its formation in 1960, and the failure of the state in curbing alcohol consumption despite the prohibition is perhaps its worst kept secret.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	When bans are put in place, the scarcity of the banned commodity doesn’t curb demand, which is then satiated by a boom in the dirty business of contraband and bootlegging.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The intention of the law, which is to curb consumption of the commodity, gets flipped on its head and leads to a thriving black-market.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Even in our own Bombay, the prohibition in the 60s didn’t really curb the consumption.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	In both cases, the booming contraband business inevitably led to a thriving black-market of other, more nefarious, substances as well.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Apart from being unsuccessful in curbing domestic violence, a prohibition will rid the state of annual tax revenues of roughly INR 4000 crores.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Prohibition risks to bring the double whammy of the loss of tax revenues and the need for increased spending on enforcement.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Stanford’s new policy—which mirrors similar changes implemented at other schools in recent years—has proved controversial, with critics saying it won’t solve problems of binge drinking and sexual misconduct on campus.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The spokeswoman said Dartmouth saw an increase in alcohol-related incidents with campus security and an increase in Good Samaritan calls to the Department of Safety and Security after the ban was implemented, but a decrease in alcohol-related medical incidents on campus.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A 2001 report by Harvard University’s College Alcohol Study compared colleges that ban all alcohol to those that do not, finding that students at colleges with a ban were 30% less likely to be heavy episodic drinkers and more likely to abstain from alcohol.	88_11	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	But the survey also found that among drinkers, students at schools with a ban engaged in as much extreme drinking and experienced the same rate of alcohol-related problems as students at schools without an alcohol ban.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	It could drive drinking further underground	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	He said it’s possible students will respond to a liquor ban by drinking other alcoholic beverages and frequenting off-campus bars and parties instead.	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	It doesn’t address the problem of sexual assault on campus	88_11	-1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	The idea that animals might not feel pain as human beings feel it traces back to the 17th-century French philosopher, René Descartes, who argued that animals do not experience pain and suffering because they lack consciousness [ref].	75_4	-1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	It states The ability to experience and respond to pain is widespread in the animal kingdom...Pain is a stressor and, if not relieved, can lead to unacceptable levels of stress and distress in animals.	75_4	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	The 1988 news article also said that the adoption of Korean orphans out of South Korea had three more effects: it saved the South Korean government the costs of caring for the Korean orphans, it relieved the South Korean government of the need to figure out what to do with the orphans and it lowered the population [ref].	73_9	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Critics of clearcutting argue that the practice has significant and deleterious effects on the plants and wildlife of an area.	123_10	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	While this was harmful to the environment, and to biodiversity in the regions, it also helped create jobs for local farmers.	123_10	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Many conservation and citizen groups object to clear-cutting any forest, citing soil and water degradation, unsightly landscapes, and other damages.	123_10	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Opponents of the practice of cutting every tree within a specific area contend it degrades the environment.	123_10	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	In a report written for a major private forest owner publication, three extension specialists—a forestry professor, an assistant dean of a major college of forestry, and a state forest health specialist—agree that clear-cutting is a necessary silvicultural practice.	123_10	-1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Aesthetics, water quality, and forest diversity are the main sources of public objection to clear-cutting.	123_10	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	A clear-cut increases soil erosion, water degradation, and increased silting in creeks, rivers, and reservoirs.	123_10	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Clear-cutting inhibits the sustainability of healthy, holistic forest ecosystems.	123_10	1
C	Should we ban unsustainable logging	Deforestation and the resulting removal of trees from clear-cutting lead to a plantation forestry mentality and results in environmental degradation.	123_10	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It is believed that the internet helps students to be more involved academically, therefore improving the quality of work done by the student.	108_4	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	There is also the fact that students can misuse the internet, be it cyber bullying or being distracted by it, which can negatively impact on them.	108_4	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It is a fact that the internet is one of the greatest advancement in the world of information technology as it has become a useful instrument that has fostered the process of making the world a global village.	108_4	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Many studies have been conducted regarding the type of information the end-users seek and obtain on the Internet and in which circumstances they prefer electronic sources to paper sources(Tenopir et al.2003).Also , students can gain from others’ knowledge and experiences, participate in chatrooms, share ideas and solutions.	108_4	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Also , many researchers believe that excessive use of the internet has the potential to become an addiction (Griffiths, 1995, 2000).	108_4	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The internet can act as a major distraction to students if not properly managed.	108_4	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	This in turn, can improve the academic performance of a student.	108_4	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Althought many students admitted that the internet does help with research, many of them also refer to sources such as books and journals.	108_4	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Overall, the results of this study compared to the literature review show that students are more negatively impacted upon by internet use as the internet, althought helpful at times, it a distraction to students.	108_4	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It can be concluded that althought internet usage does have its benefits, the internet impacts more negatively on students as they are more distracted by online activities and spend less time doing work.	108_4	1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	In addition to possible physical, social, and psychological harm, use of some drugs may also lead to criminal penalties, although these vary widely depending on the local jurisdiction [ref].	23_1	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Drug misuse is a term used commonly when prescription medication with sedative, anxiolytic, analgesic, or stimulant properties are used for mood alteration or intoxication ignoring the fact that overdose of such medicines can sometimes have serious adverse effects.	23_1	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Chronic use of certain substances leads to a change in the central nervous system known as a 'tolerance' to the medicine such that more of the substance is needed in order to produce desired effects.	23_1	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	According to Harvard Business Review, most operations groups adopting RPA have promised their employees that automation would not result in layoffs [ref].	5_6	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	One academic study highlighted that knowledge workers did not feel threatened by automation: they embraced it and viewed the robots as team-mates [ref].	5_6	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Meanwhile, Professor Willcocks, author of the LSE paper[9] cited above, speaks of increased job satisfaction and intellectual stimulation, characterising the technology as having the ability to take the robot out of the human [ref], a reference to the notion that robots will take over the mundane and repetitive portions of people's daily workload, leaving them to be redeployed into more interpersonal roles or to concentrate on the remaining, more meaningful, portions of their day.	5_6	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Every human activity has environmental impacts but we don't go banning everything.	60_6	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	All of this has been fulfilled by saying humanity needs to get use of their heritage; that this one has to be universally beneficial for mankind, that it helps us prevent future diplomatic problems and that current resource exploitation in Antartica has been beneficial and needs to be expanded.	60_6	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	First, the motive why we are forced to seek for new resource sources is scarcity.	60_6	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	In other words, even if resource extraction didn’t promote an equitable distribution it would still be desirable and bring along positive effe	60_6	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	There is however a missing spot in their case, current changes on climate conditions in Antarctica are not due to resource exploitation; they are the result of the combination of various other factors.	60_6	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	It's in the best of our expectations that with the help of alternative energies we may have reduced environmental damage by the time we need to start extracting the resources from the Antarctica, but we want to make it clear that our priority is to fulfill people’s necessities and we know that those resources are going to be essential for the future development.	60_6	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Spanish-style bullfighting is normally fatal for the bull, but it is also dangerous for the matador.	54_1	1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	What makes a great film is that it stands the test of time… That you can look at it years later, and still enjoy it.	99_4	-1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	To me, the ultimate prize for a great movie is whether it can stand the test of time, across generations.	99_4	-1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	[Tom Sherak] I believe that movies do well, and make money, by word of mouth.	99_4	1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	So the word of mouth of a movie becomes very important.	99_4	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	More education provides the opportunity to acquire more skills and therefore more options.	124_1	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Similarly, the level of education among the population can have a positive effect on the economy as a whole as they can be more efficient workers.	124_1	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	If more people continue at school until eighteen, more people will be eligible to enter universities or other forms of tertiary education.	124_1	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	This could have a positive impact lower down the school on younger children who will have a variety of role models within the school, not just those who are academically successful.	124_1	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Raising the school-leaving age is a crucial investment in society's future.	124_1	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Not all skills are best learnt in a classroom environment.	124_1	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Providing more subjects (especially resource-intensive practical ones) can be very expensive.	124_1	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Working early can be an advantage in some circumstances.	124_1	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Similarly unqualified individuals can gain equality or even an advantage over their qualified peers by having a few years’ work-experience ‘on-the-shop-floor’.	124_1	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	The cost of extending the period of compulsory education is just too high.	124_1	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Girls from all over the world feel unappreciated or not beautiful if they don't have the ideal body or beauty standards which beauty pageants promote.	87_5	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	I believe that our society has overlooked the fact that there are child predators, and placing children in beauty pageants only makes them a target for those people.	87_5	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	I also believe that parents who are placing their children in these types of competitions are giving their child a false message that appearance can get you anywhere in life.	87_5	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Also, it causes low self-esteem which can have long term effects.	87_5	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	For children, the idea that everything they are doing is being judged can be too much too handle and it causes them to question their true beauty.	87_5	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Many people believe that pageants promote healthy competition and boost public speaking and confidence.	87_5	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	It causes a person to be excessively compulsive about his/her beauty, which is not normal.	87_5	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Nowadays women feel pressurized to achieve the standard of beauty presented to them and also to let beauty define them.	87_5	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	I believe that beauty pageants have more negatives than their positives.	87_5	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Currently, sex selection is only available for medical reasons, such as an unborn child being susceptible to an inherited disease.	96_2	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	The biggest problem with allowing non-medical sex selection is it reinforces gender stereotypes, says Dr Tamara Browne, Lecturer in Health Ethics, Law and Professional Development in Deakin University’s Faculty of Health.	96_2	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	‘It is a common belief, but it is unfounded, constrains parent-child relationships, and underlies sexism,’ she argues.	96_2	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	While some people might believe that it is ideal to have gender balance in a family, Dr Browne suggests it perpetuates a one-dimensional view of gender.	96_2	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	And giving parents the right to choose the sex of their baby isn’t just about facilitating gender-based parenting, it also opens the floodgates for human engineering.	96_2	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Dr Browne believes that maintaining a ban on sex selection will help to strengthening a move towards parent-child bonding that isn’t based on gendered activities.	96_2	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	In today’s educational climate in which standardized test performance in core subjects carries a significant amount of weight with regard to teacher and school evaluations, “wasting” all that time doing nothing in physical education is something districts cannot afford.	10_10	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	According to the National Association for Sport and Physical Education, physical education classes help children develop fine and gross motor skills, learn cooperation and teamwork, reduce stress, and improve self-confidence and self-esteem.	10_10	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	The study, based on information from 37,000 high school students’ responses to surveys from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, reveals that most students do not believe gym class is effective.	10_10	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	In fact, the academic benefits students gain from physical activity during the school day appear to outweigh the benefits of increasing class time in subjects such as reading and math.	10_10	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	AI is very specialised to particular type of tasks and it doesn’t display the versatility that humans do.	5_11	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Humans develop an understanding of the world over years that no AI has achieved or seem likely to achieve anytime soon.	5_11	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	An AI, on the other hand, needs tonnes of data and loads of tries to succeed on very specific problems, and it is difficult to generalise its knowledge on tasks very different to those trained upon.	5_11	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Importantly, though, even an infinite amount of data won’t give AI human-like intelligence – we need to make a significant progress on developing artificial “general intelligence” techniques first.	5_11	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Unless there are serious medical grounds – such as a parent being a carrier for a sex-linked genetic disease – it is illegal in the UK to choose the sex of your child.	96_10	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	So one fear was that, with sex selection, the population of Britain would become unbalanced.	96_10	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	As the report said, A great many respondents felt that sex selection was unqualifiedly wrong because it involved interference with divine will or with what they saw as the intrinsically virtuous course of nature.	96_10	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	The report noted that, among some respondents, The view was that it is one thing to wish to have a child of one sex rather than the other and another thing to take steps to bring it about, since positive intervention in this area changes one's relationship to the outcome, replacing hopes with expectations… Respect for the future child's value as an individual precludes the exercise of control by parents over the kind of child it is to be, including over its sex.	96_10	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	What I have in mind is to suggest that the cruelty and evil of terrorists should not be a deterrent to talks with them, but some fundamental political common ground should be: chiefly, the mutual recognition of the right to exist.	98_10	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	A democracy cannot fight terrorists by using their methods.	98_10	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Rather than being empowering, beauty pageants are in fact disempowering because they deny the full humanity of women and they reinforce the idea that women's purpose is to look attractive or 'be hot'.	87_9	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Beauty pageants treat women as if we were objects that can be compared and judged.	87_9	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	This dehumanises women and leads to the idea that it is acceptable to view women as a sum of body parts, not real people.	87_9	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	When we live in a society in which gender inequality is massive and violence against women is endemic, it becomes clear that any practice which promotes the objectification of women inevitably has an impact on the sexist attitudes which underpin mistreatment and that it is therefore clearly not harmless.	87_9	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	It is as if to remind us that as women, no matter how intelligent you are, your worth is still dependent on how you look.	87_9	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	They also suggest that potential benefits of video games (including some games with violent content) has not received enough attention.	14_3	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	The surveys also found correlations between violent gameplay and some common childhood problems.	14_3	1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	'Don't give to fake beggars - you're killing them'	110_6	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	You're not feeding them, said Pc Jon Hitt, you're feeding their problems, you're feeding their addiction.	110_6	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	It also shows a certain kind of deviousness and cynical manipulation of kindly and well-meaning members of the public.	110_6	-1
C	Should we support family education	He further stated that the self-concept of home-schooling children is significantly higher statistically than that of children attending conventional school.	72_4	1
C	Should we support family education	Regarding socialization, Taylor's results would mean that very few home-schooling children are socially deprived.	72_4	1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschool graduates are active and involved in their communities.	72_4	1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschool graduates are more involved in civic affairs and vote in much higher percentages than their peers.	72_4	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Actually, MOOC is not as fair as we expected.	8_3	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Distance learning can expand access to education and training for both general populace and businesses since its flexible scheduling structure lessens the effects of the many time-constraints imposed by personal responsibilities and commitments [ref].	8_6	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Distance education can also provide a broader method of communication within the realm of education [ref].	8_6	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Distance education has been a more cost-effective form of learning, and can sometimes save students a significant amount of money as opposed to traditional education [ref].	8_6	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	When course design and the learning environment are at their optimal conditions, distance education can lead students to higher satisfaction with their learning experiences [ref].	8_6	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Distance learning may enable students who are unable to attend a traditional school setting, due to disability or illness such as decreased mobility and immune system suppression, to get a good education [ref].	8_6	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Distance learning offers individuals a unique opportunity to benefit from the expertise and resources of the best universities currently available.	8_6	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Wine, beer, distilled spirits and other alcoholic drinks contain ethyl alcohol and alcohol consumption has short-term psychological and physiological effects on the user.	88_1	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Drinking while driving, operating aircraft, watercraft or heavy machinery increases the risk of an accident and is often a separately defined felony punishable by jail, license suspension, fines or compulsory treatment.	88_1	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Drinking more than this amount, however, increases the risk of heart disease, high blood pressure, atrial fibrillation, and stroke [ref].	88_1	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Even moderate alcohol consumption increases cancer risk in individuals [ref].	88_1	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Excessive consumption of alcohol can cause liver cirrhosis and alcoholism [ref].	88_1	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcoholic drinks are classified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) as a Group 1 carcinogen (carcinogenic to humans).	88_1	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Fast Delivery	51_4	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	After sales, exchange or refunds of faulty products will benefit as well; as it is always easier to communicate with local business rather than international cooperations.	51_4	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It is statistically proven that domestic sourcing increases consumer confidence; according to a report by IGD, 57% of consumer who consider buying local food because it is fresher [ref].	51_4	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Increases in domestic sourcing rather than international sourcing will increase the job opportunities for locals.	51_4	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	An increase in domestic sourcing for the labour force would benefit the economy of the state or country by increasing the circular flow of income; it is estimated that every £10 spent on local product is worth a £25 increase in the circular flow of income of the local economy [ref].	51_4	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	There are many local business selling unique products or services such as handcrafting or tailored products that nowhere else can offer; supporting domestic sourcing could prevent large corporate chains taking over the high street, preventing small business from being eliminated.	51_4	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Domestic sourcing campaign may trigger trade war globally.	51_4	-1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Certain domestic goods can be very expensive compared to other countries, so business that attempt to sell locally can find sales hurting if demand for such products are low.	51_4	-1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	In court cases regarding animals, the animals have the status of legal person and humans have the legal duty to act as loco parentis towards animals welfare like a parent has towards the minor children.	74_6	1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	In another case, a court in Uttarakhand state mandated that animals have the same rights as humans [ref].	74_6	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Student loans let you afford college.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Student loans can mean the difference between an okay school and your dream school.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	If you didn’t have access to student loans, you would be forced to go to the college that you could afford out of pocket.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	But because student loans exist, you have the ability to decide: Go to the okay school and graduate debt-free, or go to your dream school and take out student loans to pay for it.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	That being said, the fact that student loans offer the ability to choose is definitely a positive.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Those are not insignificant costs, and the fact that student loans can ease the burden on you and your family is a good thing.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	However much student loans suck, they carry much lower interest rates than expensive credit cards or personal loans.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Paying off student loans will help you build credit.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Yes, that’s right: Student loans, used responsibly, can help college students and graduates build their credit scores.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	In fact, because many college students don’t have any other bills or debts associated with their names, student loans may be the only way for students to begin building their credit history.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Student loans can be expensive.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	If you can afford to pay for college without using student loans, it would definitely be in your best interest to do so.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Student loans mean you start out life with debt.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	If you rely on student loans to pay for college, that means that you will start out your adult life in debt.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Taking out fewer (or no) student loans could mean the difference of being able to live a comfortable life and struggling just to make ends meet.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Paying off student loans means putting off other life goals.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	If you’ve got a substantial amount of student loan debt, you might not be able to start pursuing these other financial goals until after you’ve finished paying off your debt, and at that point you’ll have to double your efforts to make up for lost time.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	It’s almost impossible to get rid of student loans if you can’t pay.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Unfortunately, declaring bankruptcy will very rarely get rid of your student loans.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Defaulting on your student loans can tank your credit score.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	I mentioned above that responsibly using student loans can help you build a credit history and, with it, a credit score that will be useful throughout your life.	94_10	-1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	But the alternative also holds true: If you are irresponsible with your student loan use, you can cause significant damage to your credit score.	94_10	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Taking out more than you can expect to pay off after graduation, failing to make your monthly payments on time, and defaulting on your student loans can all have major negative consequences for your credit score.	94_10	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Academics have warned of “significant implementation problems” when the education leaving age is raised to 17 next year and then to 18 in 2015.	124_8	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	This would be an undeniable opportunity for students since tuition fees are rising for university, those who want to be the best qualified for later life but don’t want to have the burden of paying for their education would benefit the most since they get as many “free” qualifications as possible which will in turn, increase their chance of employability since employers will seek out for those with good qualifications.	124_8	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	It could also be said that by raising the school leaving age to 18, crime rates can be reduced somewhat.	124_8	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	The benefits of this would mean that if less 16-18 year olds have the chance of offending after leaving school, less police resources have to be used which is extremely useful at a time where public sector spending cuts are being made, including reductions in the spending for the police forces across the UK and can, alternatively, be refocused on other areas which need attention which is better for society in general.	124_8	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	This essay argues that this is a laudable aim, through demonstrating that this helps tackle youth unemployment and its associated social problems, before pointing out that this practice is a crucial investment in society’s future.	124_8	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	One argument in favour of lengthening compulsory schooling is that it addresses the issue of youth unemployment and its associated social ills.	124_8	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Apart from boosting career prospects for youngsters and along with it, a fall in juvenile crime rates, keeping students at school until they turn 18 is a worthy social investment.	124_8	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	The immigrants' thinking, their norms, practices, customs and values shape, extend and influence the native country's culture (Leitkultur).	117_8	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Jonathan H. Turner defines it as a conflict caused by differences in cultural values and beliefs that place people at odds with one another [ref].	117_8	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Cultural conflicts are difficult to resolve as parties to the conflict have different beliefs [ref].	117_8	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	A more narrow definition of a cultural conflict dates to Daniel Bell's 1962 essay, Crime as an American Way of Life, and focuses on criminal-enabling consequences of a clash in cultural values [ref].	117_8	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	In The Clash of Civilizations Samuel P. Huntington proposes that people's cultural and religious identities will be the primary source of conflict in the post-Cold War world.	117_8	-1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Higher education plays a vital role in preparing students for the employment market and active citizenship both nationally and internationally.	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) understands Education as a  fundamental human right and essential for the exercise of all other human rights.	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	It promotes individual freedom and empowerment and yields important development benefits [ref].	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Education is universally acknowledged as an essential human right because it highly impacts the socio-economic and cultural aspects of a country.	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Equity in education increases the work force of the nation, therefore increasing national income, economic productivity, and [gross domestic product].	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	These are factors that allow economic stability and growth in the future.	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Above all, female education can increase output levels and allow countries to attain sustainable development.	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Equity in education means that personal or social circumstances such as gender, ethnic origin or family background, are not obstacles to achieving educational potential (definition of fairness) and that all individuals reach at least a basic minimum level of skills (definition of inclusion).	26_8	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	The right to education has been recognized as a human right in a number of international conventions, including the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights which recognizes a right to free, compulsory primary education for all, an obligation to develop secondary education accessible to all, on particular by the progressive introduction of free secondary education, as well as an obligation to develop equitable access to higher education, ideally by the progressive introduction of free higher education.	26_5	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit.	26_5	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	According to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the right to education includes the right to free, compulsory primary education for all, an obligation to develop secondary education accessible to all in particular by the progressive introduction of free secondary education, as well as an obligation to develop equitable access to higher education in particular by the progressive introduction of free higher education.	26_5	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Marriage is about more than procreation, therefore gay couples should not be denied the right to marry due to their biology.	20_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Gay couples should be able to take advantage of the fiscal and legal benefits of marriage	20_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Gay marriage is good for society	20_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The evidence also suggests that gay parenting is ‘at least as favourable’ as those in heterosexual families, eroding fears that the adopted children will be worse with gay parents 2 .	20_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The economist Thomas Kostigen also argues gay marriage is a boost for the economy, ‘weddings create revenue of all sorts…even if a marriage doesn’t work out that helps the economy too.	20_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	It is discriminatory to refuse gay couples the right to marry	20_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Gay marriage undermines the institution of marriage, leading to an increase in out of wedlock births and divorce rates	20_10	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The legalization of gay marriage undermines the principles that have traditionally linked marriage and the family.	20_10	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Gay couples can declare their union without resort to marriage	20_10	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Marriage should be between a man and a woman	20_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Giving her total access to my phone is one of  “rules” I follow to promote transparency and prevent infidelity in my marriage.	113_3	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	So, if you’ve truly got nothing to hide from your spouse, give him/her the security and comfort of knowing that they have full access to your phone (and everything else).	113_3	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Be proactive about promoting transparency in your marriage.	113_3	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Your marriage is more important than your phone.	113_3	1
C	Should we support the universal language	One such commentator is David Crystal, who, in his book English as a Global Language expresses his concern about the possibilities that this global language will have a negative effect on itself and also on other languages which do not have all the power that English, being the global language has.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	If this was the case they might manipulate it to their advantage at the expense of those who has another language as their mother tongue and in this way create a linguistic gap between people.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	There is a possibility that a global language may make people lazy about learning other languages, or reduce their opportunities to do so.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	An introduction of a global language might lead to discrimination of other languages.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	Losing a language equals losing identity.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	One of the risks having only one language is that the chosen language may become very technical and impoverished for nonnative speakers, e.g.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	It is important for people to remember their roots, and language is a very integral part of one's identity.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	People whose languages are being lost because of the dominance of the English language, may lose their identities.	13_8	-1
C	Should we support the universal language	The use of one single language in a community is no guarantee for social harmony or mutual understanding.	13_8	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	When used in combination, educational interventions and access to birth control can reduce unintended teenage pregnancies [ref].	64_5	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Comprehensive sex education and access to birth control appear to reduce unplanned teenage pregnancy [ref].	64_5	1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Smoking harms nearly every organ of the body.	95_2	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	The most important chemical compounds causing cancer are those that produce DNA damage since such damage appears to be the primary underlying cause of cancer [ref].	95_2	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Scientific evidence shows that no level of exposure to second-hand smoke is safe [ref].	95_2	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Smoking cigarettes can lead to nicotine addiction [ref].	95_2	-1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	If museums are not funded sufficiently by the government, they will be forced to charge for entry, and this will inevitably deter many potential visitors, especially the poor and those whose educational and cultural opportunities have already been limited.	49_1	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Free access is essential to provide freedom of cultural and educational opportunity.	49_1	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Free access will encourage more people to find out about their country and help to promote feelings of national unity and identity, while promoting greater understanding and acceptance of foreign cultures.	49_1	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	In addition, if museums were made entirely reliant upon public funding, it is likely that money would be channelled to those institutions the government felt were most important, forcing smaller, local or more specialist museums to close.	49_1	-1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	Scientists such as Jane Goodall and Richard Dawkins believe in the capacity of nonhuman great apes, humans' closest relatives, to possess rationality and self-awareness [ref].	74_5	-1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	In Christian theology, the founder of the Methodist movement, John Wesley, was a Christian vegetarian and maintained that animals had immortal souls and that there were considerable similarities between human and non-human animals [ref].	74_5	-1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	This is not the case, as the concept is that animals should have rights with equal consideration to their interests.	74_5	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	The specific virtues of a scheme of sale of organs is that each transaction remains one of personal consent, and an incentive is provided to donate organs.	58_8	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	The donations will disappear and only the rich will survive.	58_8	-1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	The lawful sale of organs would legitimise human sacrifice.	58_8	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	This helps reduce social inequalities.	90_7	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	harvesting some Antarctic species to the verge of extinction for economic benefit,	60_9	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	killing and disturbing other species,	60_9	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	contaminating the soils, and	60_9	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The clean air, water and ice of Antarctica are now of global importance to science for understanding how the Earth's environment is changing both naturally and as a result of human activity.	60_9	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Paradoxically both science and tourism have the potential to damage the very qualities that draw them to Antarctica.	60_9	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Environmental impacts in Antarctica occur at a range of spatial scales.	60_9	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Global change may adversely affect the Antarctic environment and its fauna and flora.	60_9	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Global change may also bring about changes in Antarctica that could have serious environmental consequences elsewhere in the world, for example changes in the amount of water locked up in Antarctic ice may contribute to global sea level change.	60_9	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Introduced species have caused major environmental problems on every other continent of the world and have caused significant changes to the ecology of most subantarctic islands.	60_9	1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	The WHO first declared organ trade illegal in 1987, stating that such a trade violates the Universal Declaration of Human Rights [ref].	58_1	-1
C	Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	It also condemns the practice on the grounds that it is likely to take unfair advantage of the poorest and most vulnerable groups, undermines altruistic donation and leads to profiteering and human trafficking [ref].	58_1	-1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	While some people believe that homosexual activity is unnatural [ref], scientific research shows that homosexuality is a normal and natural variation in human sexuality and is not in and of itself a source of negative psychological effects [ref].	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	These relationships are equivalent to heterosexual relationships in essential psychological respects [ref].	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Studies have found same-sex and opposite-sex couples to be equivalent to each other in measures of satisfaction and commitment in relationships, that age and gender are more reliable than sexual orientation as a predictor of satisfaction and commitment to a relationship, and that people who are heterosexual or homosexual share comparable expectations and ideals with regard to romantic relationships [ref].	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The consensus of research and clinical literature demonstrates that same-sex sexual and romantic attractions, feelings, and behaviors are normal and positive variations of human sexuality [ref].	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	There is now a large body of research evidence that indicates that being gay, lesbian or bisexual is compatible with normal mental health and social adjustment [ref].	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	There is now a large body of research evidence that indicates that being gay, lesbian or bisexual is compatible with normal mental health and social adjustment.	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Same-sex sexual attractions, behavior, and orientations per se are normal and positive variants of human sexuality; in other words, they are not indicators of mental or developmental disorders.	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The longstanding consensus of the behavioral and social sciences and the health and mental health professions is that homosexuality per se is a normal and positive variation of human sexual orientation, and therefore not a mental disorder [ref].	20_3	1
C	Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Scientific research has been generally consistent in showing that lesbian and gay parents are as fit and capable as heterosexual parents, and their children are as psychologically healthy and well-adjusted as children reared by heterosexual parents [ref].	20_3	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Newspapers have been dying in slow motion for two decades now.	9_3	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Though new digital subscriptions at The Washington Post and The New York Times have soared since the 2016 election, digital subscription and advertising revenue has not made up for the collapse of print advertising industry-wide.	9_3	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	This is no small figure, and national debt carries many consequences including slowing economic growth (translating into fewer jobs being created) and rising interest rates.	94_14	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	“Debt costs you time in savings, pushes back when and whether you can buy a home, start a family, open a small business or access capital,” says Asher.	94_14	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	With more and more emphasis being placed on college education for all, raising costs of an already expensive degree, and underemployment of college graduates running rampant, student loan debt is a problem that will cripple economic possibilities and success to come.	94_14	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Although the loans are allocated toward education, money is fungible and will have the net impact of increasing the spending ability of students in other areas of their lives.	94_14	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	As the expectation of repayment obligation falls, borrowers may enter into a situation where they take on higher levels of debt and take more risks.	94_14	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Parents and children alike talk about how educational debt hangs over their futures, impinging on both daily choices and long-term ambitions.	94_14	1
C	Should we ban campus loans?	Zaloom disputes the premise that “planning leads to financial stability.” Student debt didn’t become a problem because families refused to save.	94_14	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Many of the increases in the 19th and 20th centuries were intended to generate more skilled labour by giving more time for students to gain skills and qualifications.	124_6	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	The government believed that the changes were needed because of the collapse in unskilled jobs in the economy, which means that young school leavers at 16 years of age are finding it increasingly more difficult to find employment.	124_6	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	The government believes that the extension of compulsory education until the age of 18 will mean many more young people will leave education in a much better position to find skilled employment.	124_6	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	The government were hopeful that the changes would have an effect on preventing the increase in crime levels, as figures reported a substantial percentage of young people leaving school were turning to a life of crime, with many being unable to find suitable work due to lack of skills and qualifications [ref].	124_6	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	That’s the picture painted by federal health statistics, which show a rise in per-person consumption and increases in emergency room visits, hospitalizations and deaths tied to drinking.	88_14	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Excessive drinking is associated with chronic dangers such as liver cancer, high blood pressure, stroke and heart disease.	88_14	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	It’s also a risk to others — through drunken driving or alcohol-fueled violence.	88_14	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The more important finding, other researchers said, was that the number of alcohol-related deaths had doubled since 1999, and the death rate had risen 50%.	88_14	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	This “French Paradox” triggered studies that suggested drinking a glass or two of red wine may have some benefits for heart health.	88_14	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Beauty contests promote an ideal of female beauty to which only a minority of women can realistically aspire, but which adds to the pressure on all women to conform to it.	87_7	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	The image of female beauty promoted by beauty contests is culturally specific and western - it doesn’t matter how many Asian women win Miss World, they can still only do so if they take part in the swimsuit competition, which may well not be considered appropriate dress in their culture.	87_7	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Despite paying lip-service to feminist keywords such as empowerment and self-confidence, they do nothing concrete to aid the liberation of women; indeed, by reinforcing looks as the most important feminine quality, they harm women’s liberation in general.	87_7	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Beauty pageants are a great way for women to express themselves.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Pageants can boost a girl's confidence by making them feel good about how they look and feel less insecure, If that is the case.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	They can embrace girls’ beauty, Making them feel more confident.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	In pageants, They also include things like showing off the talents that you have, And testing your speaking skills and education.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	The contestants can also earn scholarships from pageants.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Pageants can make a women happy, And give them something to be determined toward, And strive to reach their goal.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	People enjoy beauty contests.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Beauty contests, like sport, can be an important focus of national or regional pride.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	In a society in which women really are valued on the basis of their looks, and in which there really are fewer opportunities for women than for men, beauty contests give women a chance to get noticed and to improve their situations.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Winning a beauty contest can be a route to success.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	In addition, the winners of high-profile beauty contests are able to publicise charities and causes they feel strongly about - they have a public platform they could not otherwise have gained.	87_7	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Beauty pageants damage self-confidence and moral opinions When people go to beauty pageants, they watch girls have a contest to see who is the prettier out of the bunch.	87_7	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	These contests are extremely unfair, because some girls will look attractive to some, but unattractive to others.	87_7	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Also, It pressures girls to be the best and losing can lead to serious mental damage.	87_7	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, put forward globalization as a factor of an increase in the inequality of outcomes in societies.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization has been one of the main causes of the increase in inequality in many countries in the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Acceleration in language death has been attributed to globalization, and is predicted to continue.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Professor Conor Gearty, of the London School of Economics, has suggested that global freedom of movement, brought on by globalization, has increased the scope for prejudice within societies [ref].	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The collision between global and local cultures have created challenges in adapting to and reconciling the two.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In these cases, globalization may cause identity confusion, preventing the proper development of identity and self (Erikson's theory of identity formation).	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Similarly, globalization may create a crisis in which John Berry calls “marginalization,” in which one is unable to identify with local culture due to the heavy exposure of globalization and Western influences; however he/she is also excluded from the global culture as well [ref].	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The implementation of globalization requires a certain degree of culture shedding, as global culture alters and disrupts the preexisting local culture.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Many times, in countries where globalization is introduced, problems that arise among adolescents are often blamed to the intrusion of Western culture and ideals through globalization.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Therefore, Western media is blamed for the rise in premarital sex and teenage pregnancies that follow when globalization is introduced [ref].	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	However, companies attempting to compete globally have exploited workers, and global competition has been achieved through poor working conditions.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Furthermore, due to global influences, juvenile crimes have increased because of the disruption of traditional norms [ref].	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The Arab and Islamic countries see globalization as an attempt to instill Western superiority and a threat to the preservation of their cultural identity.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Although differing views of globalization exist among Arab nations, a large percentage of Muslims see it to be imperialistic and a cultural invasion that attempts to destroy their heritage and cultural beliefs [ref].	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Despite the differing opinions of globalization, almost all acknowledge and believe that globalization is simply Americanism— the implementation of American cultures and ideals into other countries [ref].	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization is especially threatening to Arab nations because Islam is not simply a religious practice, but it dominates laws and social norms such as marriages and spending habits.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Since globalization is seen to be a way of secularizing a nation, Muslims also see it as a cultural and religious invasion, requiring the separation of religion and daily life.	12_10	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Arab intellectuals have stated that globalization rids the earth of human cultural diversity and civilizations’ peculiarities, which many see as barbaric.	12_10	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Most study abroad alumni will tell you that studying abroad was one of the best experiences of their lives.	93_2	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	While the overall cost of studying abroad is a valid concern, there’s often a lot of exaggeration and confusion around the question “how much does it cost to study abroad?” And understandably so; between the varying fees of different study abroad programs, the types and amounts of aid offered by your home university, and the on-the-ground costs of living in a foreign country, it’s easy to see how any concrete totals can be lost in translation.	93_2	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	After tuition, rent and daily costs of living, such as food and entertainment can amount to a formidable expense as well.	93_2	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Many universities will help rollover tuition so that you won’t be paying double, and so you may end up even paying less to study abroad than you would to study at home.	93_2	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	While scientific evidence overwhelmingly supports the contention that condoms, when properly used, reduce the incidence of these problems, numerous critics fear that active encouragement of condom use advances the onset of sexual activity among young people.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms in public education will reduce underage pregnancy Condoms are an effective way to lower pregnancy rates.	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Providing students with condoms encourages early sexual activity.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Putting a condom machine in a school does not mean that all students are encouraged to have sex.	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms for students can offend people from different religions.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Distributing condoms in public schools will reduce the spread of STDs Condoms are an effective means of combating the spread of sexually transmitted diseases.	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	On this premise, it stands to reason that their distribution in schools and use will reduce the spread of sexually transmitted diseases among students [ref].	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms are one of the most effective means of protecting against STDs, HIV and pregnancy.	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condoms in schools would encourage sex and so increase STD risks.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	I feel that if condoms in schools could in fact increase the incidence of venerial disease as it could spread the information to the younger students still not achieved puberty.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	The effectiveness of condoms is exaggerated.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	If not used properly, condoms can be highly ineffective.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Providing condoms to students is the morally pragmatic thing to do.	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Providing condoms to students is a wise investment of government funds.	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Moreover, if overall sexual activity increases as the result of encouraging safer sex, the number of people occasionally engaging in risky behaviour will increase and the risk of these problems spreading will increase with it [ref].	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Providing access to birth control empowers women with more control over their bodies.	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom distribution encourages the responsibility of men: It can also establish condom use as the norm, not something that women continually have to negotiate, often from a position of weakness [ref].	64_3	1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Widespread condom distribution will establish sexual activity, creating peer pressure to participate in sex.	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	The added temptation to engage in sexual activity that is protected will result in more women having sex at a younger age, perhaps furthering their exploitation [ref].	64_3	-1
C	Should I distribute condoms in middle schools?	Condom distribution will encourage sexual activity and other risky behavior [ref].	64_3	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Czech Republic: A May 2007 CVVM poll found that 72% believe abortion in the Czech Republic should be allowed at the request of the woman, 19% that it should be allowed for societal reasons, 5% that it should be allowed only if a woman’s health is at risk, 1% that it should be banned [ref].	118_10	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	United States: A January 2010 Angus Reid Public Opinion poll found that 30% of Americans think abortion should be permitted only in cases of rape, incest, or to save the woman’s life; 44% agree with banning abortion coverage through insurance companies subsidized by the government,while 42% disagree; 31% claim pregnant women don’t have enough information about alternatives to abortion [ref].	118_10	1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In 2003, a poll by the The Australian Survey of Social Attitudes found that 81% of Australians believe a women should have the right to choose an abortion [ref], and a 2007 poll by the same group found 4% of Australians are opposed to abortion in all circumstances [ref].	118_10	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Brazil: A March 2007 Datafolha/Folha de Sao Paulo poll found that 65% believe that their country's current law — which allows abortion in cases of rape or endangerment to life — should not be modified, 16% that it should be expanded to allow abortion in other cases, 10% that abortion should be decriminalized, and 5% were not sure [ref].	118_10	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	Chile: A 2014 poll found that 70% of Chileans supported abortion if a mother’s life is in danger, if a foetus is unviable or when a pregnancy is a result of rape [ref].	118_10	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social networking sites such as Facebook are occasionally used to emotionally abuse, harass or bully individuals, either by posting defamatory statements or by forwarding private digital photos or videos that can have an adverse impact on the individuals depicted in the videos.	4_10	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	As trolling can lead to celebrities deleting their social networks such as Twitter, it emphasizes how trolls can win, and can ruin people's lives.	4_10	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	While trolls believe that they do not face consequences and can troll others on the Internet without repercussions, in the 2000s, due to high-profile cases where cyberbullies have allegedly been factors in suicides attributed to bullying, more laws have been put in place by governments.	4_10	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Crane (1989b), for example, using data from the Neighborhood Characteristics File of the 1970 Census, found that neighborhood quality had very large effects on school dropout and teen pregnancy “in the very worst neighborhoods.”	90_4	1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Some have argued, for example, that the deteriorating structure of economic opportunity and the decline in resource stocks in inner-city neighborhoods have led to the spread of crime, drug use, and other social problems.	90_4	1
C	Should we support animal rights	There is compelling justification for using animals in laboratory research: Science using animals cures diseases and mitigates the suffering of human beings, among other animals.	16_9	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Conceivably, some might choose surrogacy to avoid what they perceive to be the inconvenience of pregnancy, though the intended mother would have to endure the extraction of eggs if she wishes to have genetic offspring.	114_5	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	After all, the desire to have children of one's own is natural, and surrogacy is sometimes the only way for some couples to fulfil such intense desires.	114_5	-1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Ethical concerns abound in issues around commercial surrogacy, which suggest not just that the law should not condone it, but arguably that criminal sanctions should be applied to brokers.	114_5	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Second, surrogacy commodifies pregnancy.	114_5	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Even if some women really do not mind being surrogates, and even if they claim to form no maternal bonds, condoning commercial surrogacy objectifies women as womb renters, mere means to the ends of others.	114_5	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Third, children are commodified, at least in traditional surrogacy.	114_5	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Prof Anderson notes that the surrogate is required to relinquish her maternal rights, and give the intended father exclusive parental rights over the child.	114_5	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Even if the intended father purports to pay for the surrogate's service, rather than the sale of the child, the child is commodified because the father would not pay for a service of pregnancy without the sale of maternal rights.	114_5	1
C	Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	For these reasons, commercial surrogacy is fraught with ethical and legal concerns and remains rightly outside the realm of the legally permissible.	114_5	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	For example, Canadians are the most likely to agree with the statement that immigrants make their country a better place to live and that immigrants are good for the economy.	117_6	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Canadian supporters of multiculturalism promote the idea because they believe that immigrants help society grow culturally, economically and politically [ref].	117_6	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Supporters also argue that cultural appreciation of ethnic and religious diversity promotes a greater willingness to tolerate political differences [ref].	117_6	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	The Economist argued that Canada's multiculturalism was a source of strength that united the diverse population and by attracting immigrants from around the world was also an engine of economic growth as well [ref].	117_6	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Furthermore, he argues, it perpetuates conflicts between and within groups [ref].	117_6	-1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Despite an official national bilingualism policy, many commentators from Quebec believe multiculturalism threatens to reduce them to just another ethnic group [ref].	117_6	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	Bottom line: A tax break meant to benefit the poor has become a boon to hedge funds, real estate developers and wealthy investors.	90_8	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In every state, abortion is legal to protect the life and health of a woman, though each state has a different definition.	118_9	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	A legal precedent concerning the legality of abortion was set in Australia in 1969, by the Menhennitt ruling in the Victorian Supreme Court case R v Davidson [ref], which held that abortion was lawfully justified if necessary to preserve the physical or mental health of the woman concerned, provided that the danger involved in the abortion did not outweigh the danger which the abortion was designed to prevent.	118_9	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In 2003, a poll by The Australian Survey of Social Attitudes (AuSSA) found that 81% of Australians believe a woman should have the right to choose an abortion, and 9% believe they should not; 7% were neutral and 2% could not decide [ref].	118_9	-1
C	Should abortion be prohibited	In 2005, a Nielsen Corporation poll found that 56% of Australians thought the abortion laws in place, which generally allow abortion for the sake of life, health, or economic factors, were about right, 16% want changes in law to make abortion more accessible and 17% want changes to make it less accessible [ref].	118_9	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccination is the administration of a vaccine to help the immune system develop protection from a disease.	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	In stimulating the body's adaptive immunity, they help prevent sickness from an infectious disease.	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccination is the most effective method of preventing infectious diseases;[4] widespread immunity due to vaccination is largely responsible for the worldwide eradication of smallpox and the elimination of diseases such as polio and tetanus from much of the world.	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccination efforts have been met with some controversy on scientific, ethical, political, medical safety, and religious grounds, although no major religions oppose vaccination, and some consider it an obligation due to the potential to save lives [ref].	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Early success brought widespread acceptance, and mass vaccination campaigns have greatly reduced the incidence of many diseases in numerous geographic regions.	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines given after exposure to smallpox are reported to offer some protection from disease or may reduce the severity of disease [ref].	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Just like any medication or procedure, no vaccine can be 100% safe or effective for everyone because each person's body can react differently [ref].	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	To eliminate the risk of outbreaks of some diseases, at various times governments and other institutions have employed policies requiring vaccination for all people.	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Common objections are that vaccinations do not work, that compulsory vaccination constitutes excessive government intervention in personal matters, or that the proposed vaccinations are not sufficiently safe [ref].	70_7	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	In countries with limited financial resources, limited vaccination coverage results in greater morbidity and mortality due to infectious disease [ref].	70_7	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Some vaccination critics say that vaccines are ineffective against disease[76] or that vaccine safety studies are inadequate [ref].	70_7	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Some parents believe vaccinations cause autism, although there is no scientific evidence to support this idea [ref].	70_7	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Grades still good indicator of candidate quality, employers tell student forum	115_10	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Companies are still drawn to candidates with good grades as they are a strong marker of capability, leading employers told students on Wednesday (Jan 30).	115_10	1
C	Can high scores reflect high energy	Grades are a forum for communicating the degree to which a student has mastered the knowledge and skills (attitudes, means of thinking, etc.)	115_10	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Gynaecologists are‚ however‚ concerned this could reduce donations to infertile couples.	104_3	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	In some countries‚ including Britain‚ Australia and Sweden‚ egg and sperm donors cannot be anonymous‚ as children are legally permitted to find out who their genetic parents are.	104_3	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	It suggests some children need genetic information as part of healthy psychological development.	104_3	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	But doctors who work in fertility warn that in countries where donors of eggs and sperm are not protected anonymity‚ rates of donations dropped.	104_3	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Infertility Awareness Association of South Africa's spokesperson Meggan Zunkel said: Individuals that donate do not generally want children conceived through the donor process contacting them years down the line.	104_3	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Southern African Society for Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy spokesman and gynaecologist Dr Paul Le Roux said: “Non-disclosure can be essential for some parents‚ as they need to keep the gamete donation private for specific reasons.	104_3	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	He also said: Studies on children who have not been informed of their biological parents show that their development has not been harmed and that they are also doing psychologically well.	104_3	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	The child might be confronted with social turmoil if the child is confronted with the gamete donor.	104_3	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Centre for Child Law spokesman‚ Sebastian Mansfield-Barry‚ said: Broadly speaking‚ the Centre supports an approach where the child is in the best position to know their biological origins.	104_3	-1
C	Should we support family education	It provides an opportunity for children to learn from other parents who are more specialized in certain areas or subjects.	72_3	1
C	Should we support family education	Snyder (2013) provided corroborating evidence that homeschoolers were outperforming their peers in the areas of standardized tests and overall GPAs [ref].	72_3	1
C	Should we support family education	Thus, the data indicate that homeschooling can also prepare students for success in higher education.	72_3	1
C	Should we support family education	On average, studies suggest homeschoolers score at or above the national average on standardized tests.	72_3	1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooled children may receive more individualized attention than students enrolled in traditional public schools.	72_3	1
C	Should we support family education	Their reason was that children are not mature enough for formal school programs until their senses, coordination, neurological development and cognition are ready.	72_3	1
C	Should we support family education	Aside from academic performance, they think early formal schooling also destroys positive sociability, encourages peer dependence, and discourages self-worth, optimism, respect for parents, and trust in peers.	72_3	1
C	Should we support family education	There are claims that studies showing that homeschooled students do better on standardized tests[44][48] do not compare with mandatory public-school testing.	72_3	-1
C	Should we support family education	However, research has shown that homeschooled children often excel in many areas of academic endeavor.	72_3	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	For quite some time now, the validity of this method of instruction has been questioned.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Significantly, these technologies and platforms encourage new forms of learning.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	The new technology also boosts students’ ability to learn whenever and wherever they want.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Today, a college degree does not automatically correlate to high income.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Consequently, growing numbers of them are coming to see online learning as a means to obtain a higher education but at a substantially reduced cost.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	The offerings proved popular with students and paved the way for the open-access online learning movement.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Massive Open Online Courses are transforming global education.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	To compete with providers in the eLearning arena, wise universities are adopting digital teaching tools of their own.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Innovative education projects that go beyond digitization are making their presence felt with increasing frequency.	8_1	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	This places them at a serious disadvantage with their digital-native students.	8_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	But research suggests that the more information kids have about sex, the better-off they’ll be—particularly for young people who might otherwise feel marginalized in mainstream society.	46_13	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Some parents argue that they should be the ones to determine what their child learn about their sexuality.	46_13	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	And exposure to sex ed has been proven to lower the likelihood of teens becoming sexually active, increase the likelihood that they will use contraception if they do, and help prevent sexual violence.	46_13	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Talking openly about sexuality and gender identity in sex ed can help combat bullying and prejudice in schools, too.	46_13	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	UNICEF report: Growing inequalities threaten most disadvantaged kids	91_8	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	“Denying hundreds of millions of children a fair chance in life does more than threaten their futures – by fueling intergenerational cycles of disadvantage, it imperils the future of their societies,” said the Executive Director of the UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF), Anthony Lake, on the release of The State of the World’s Children, the agency’s annual flagship report.	91_8	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Investing in children pays off	91_8	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	The report points to evidence that investing in the most vulnerable children can yield immediate and long-term benefits.	91_8	1
C	Should we fund children in developing countries?	Inequity is neither inevitable, nor insurmountable, the report notes, pointing out that better data on the most vulnerable children, integrated solutions to the challenges children face, innovative ways to address old problems, more equitable investment and increased involvement by communities are all measures which can help level the playing field for children.	91_8	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	They said they didn't view it as a problem because they didn't need to hide anything.	113_5	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	But the other end of the debate for the people who voted My phone is private argue that they don't have anything to hide, they just feel their partner should trust them enough to not have to look through their phone.	113_5	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	In your mind, you and your significant other are in a trustworthy, committed relationship and there are no secrets to hide, not even on your phone.	113_5	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	You should be confident in having nothing to hide from your partner, but they should also respect your privacy where they're not just looking through your phone for no reason.	113_5	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	A very common response I saw from the voters who said their phone was private, explained that conversations between you and your friends should be kept private, even to just protect their privacy.	113_5	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Growing up, I was taught that it is really important to respect other people's privacy, so I tend to default to not taking a peek in my SO's phone.	113_5	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Looking at your partner's phone shows distrust and insecurity, and it builds on itself, possibly even becoming an obsession, she tells Elite Daily.	113_5	-1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Artifacts are a part of a universal human history and encyclopedic museums like the British Museum, Musée du Louvre and Metropolitan Museum of Art cultivate the dissemination of knowledge, tolerance, and broad cultural understanding.	71_4	-1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Cultural identities are dynamic, inter-related and overlapping so no modern nation-state can claim cultural property as their own or else they are promoting a sectarian view of culture.	71_4	-1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Having artwork disseminated around the world encourages international scholarly and professional exchange.	71_4	-1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Art is best appreciated and understood in its original historical and cultural context.	71_4	1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Art taken out of the country as a spoil of war, looting, imperialism, and colonialism is unethical, even if it isn't reflected in legislation.	71_4	1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Cultural property is a symbol of cultural heritage and identity and the appropriation of historical artworks is an affront to a nation's pride.	71_4	1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Notwithstanding the romantic view of wind and solar power held by many, they are not cost-competitive, they are very far from clean, and they would do remarkably little to limit greenhouse-gas emissions and anthropogenic climate change, the “crisis” view of which is unsupported by the evidence.	47_11	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	High costs are a major problem with wind and solar power.	47_11	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The lower capacity factors mean that the cost of generating power is vastly higher for renewables than it is for conventional electricity.	47_11	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Let us turn now to the adverse environmental effects of wind and solar power, typically ignored in the public discussion but very serious nonetheless.	47_11	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The promotion of renewable power and the GND fundamentally is anti-human in that its goals are diametrically opposed to the aspirations of virtually all individuals.	47_11	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Second: The campaign for ever more renewable power and the GND must engender a massive erosion in the freedom of individuals and businesses to use their resources in ways that they deem appropriate.	47_11	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The forced expansion of renewable electricity and the adoption of the Green New Deal would yield no positive outcomes.	47_11	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Protect Your Assets in Case of Divorce	52_10	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	If you have a business or house you acquired previously that you want to leave to your children, you can protect it with a prenuptial agreement.	52_10	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Reduces Cost of Divorce in Case it Happens	52_10	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	This reduces the divorce cost and the length of time and mental anguish inflicted by the process.	52_10	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	You determine what assets are whose and the obligations you owe each other.	52_10	1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	It Angers Your Betrothed	52_10	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Prenuptial agreements aren’t very romantic.	52_10	-1
C	Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	One Spouse May Be Disadvantaged	52_10	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines when isolated from the electric grid produce negligible amounts of carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, mercury and radioactive waste when in operation, unlike fossil fuel sources and nuclear energy station fuel production, respectively.	121_4	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	With the construction phase largely to blame, wind turbines emit slightly more particulate matter (PM), a form of air pollution, at an exception rate higher per unit of energy generated(kWh) than a fossil gas electricity station(NGCC) [ref], and also emit more heavy metals and PM than nuclear stations, per unit of energy generated [ref].	121_4	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	The large cumulative footprint of wind turbines, which reduces the area available to wildlife or agriculture, is also missing from all studies including Sovacool's.	121_4	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Sovacool estimated that in the US wind turbines kill between 20,000 and 573,000 birds per year, and has stated he regards either figure as minimal compared to bird deaths from other causes.	121_4	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	The study concluded that, overall, the combined effect on birds was relatively small compared to other causes of bird mortality, but noted that mitigation measures might be required in some situations to protect at-risk species [ref].	121_4	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	While studies show that other sources, such as cats, cars, buildings, power lines, and transmission towers kill far more birds than wind turbines, many studies and conservation groups have noted that wind turbines disproportionately kill large migratory birds and birds of prey, and are more likely to kill birds threatened with extinction [ref].	121_4	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	In the United Kingdom, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) concluded that The available evidence suggests that appropriately positioned wind farms do not pose a significant hazard for birds [ref].	121_4	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	It notes that climate change poses a much more significant threat to wildlife, and therefore supports wind farms and other forms of renewable energy as a way to mitigate future damage.	121_4	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	International adoption generates additional controversy where the children will be raised in a different culture or religion than they were born into, or by parents of a different ethnicity, especially where this will be visually apparent to others in the society (which may subject the child to stigmatization or discrimination).	73_4	-1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	Some adoptions compensate for problematic attitudes or practices in the source country, such as abandonment of girls and children with disabilities or serious medical problems, or for economic or aesthetic reasons.	73_4	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	Considering adoption in the crude terms of a market, the global demand to adopt infants is higher than the naturally available supply; most children available for adoption are of school age.	73_4	1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	Certain aspects of international adoption make it easier for agencies and child recruiters to commit fraud, including distance, language barriers, difficulty enforcing laws across international boundaries, and adoption agency contracts disclaiming responsibility for incorrect biographical details.	73_4	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	This was once considered ideal for all parties involved.	104_6	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Complete anonymity seemed like an ideal choice for all parties, especially a few decades ago when the concept of third-party reproduction was newer.	104_6	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Less risk for the donor.	104_6	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	The donor doesn't have to worry about being sued later for child support.	104_6	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Some donors have long held the fear that a child may one day show up at their doorstep and ask them to be a parental figure of sorts—not something a donor intended to sign up for in helping create a family for someone else.	104_6	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	It was thought best for both donor-conceived children and adopted children that their true origins be kept secret.	104_6	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Donor-conceived children are often curious about their genetic origins.	104_6	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Parents sometimes long to connect in some way with the person who helped them have a family.	104_6	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Another problem with anonymous donation is that it may not really be guaranteed with modern genetic technology.	104_6	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Something else to consider: future laws may retroactively force donor agencies and fertility clinics to share donor information to donor-conceived children.	104_6	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	It can change a country’s fortune.	124_10	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	First, students will be equipped with enough empirical knowledge and practical skills required for any occupation.	124_10	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	In fact, many young individuals dropping out of schools before 18 have more tendency to commit crimes than those finishing compulsory education.	124_10	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Students that finish high school can have a more successful life and job then your average high school drop out.	124_10	1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	Biofuels have a limited ability to replace fossil fuels and should not be regarded as a ‘silver bullet’ to deal with transport emissions.	89_5	-1
C	Should you subsidize biofuels	A healthy supply of alternative energy sources will help to combat gasoline price spikes and reduce dependency on fossil fuels, especially in the transport sector [ref].	89_5	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	“We’re going to walk away from a deal if others try to use violence to achieve better ends in a negotiation,’’ he said.	98_7	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Mr. Pompeo and other officials offered the same argument on Sunday that Mr. Obama offered seven years ago: To achieve peace, you have to talk with your enemies.	98_7	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	On Thursday, Mr. Khalilzad was in Doha again with Gen. Austin Miller, the commander of the United States forces in Afghanistan, who has also said that he believes the battle between the Afghan government and the Taliban would never be resolved militarily.	98_7	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	This process is much less environmentally harmful than burning fossil fuels, in terms of its infinitely renewable nature and the fact that it does not produce harmful byproducts.	121_8	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Harvesting wind energy involves no fuel, no greenhouse gas, no air pollution, no toxic substances, no water pollution, and minimal water use [ref].	121_8	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Furthermore, turning to wind energy could free us from the political and economic troubles involved with fossil fuels.	121_8	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	While wind energy may be free to generate, the initial cost of the equipment required to support wind energy generation is substantial.	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Other opponents are concerned that wind farms would be harmful to natural habitats and the ecosystem.	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	The noise levels and aesthetic degradation brought on by establishing and running wind farms is also a significant concern for opponents.	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	First and foremost, wind is an unlimited, free, renewable resource.	121_8	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Next, harvesting wind power is a clean, non-polluting way to generate electricity.	121_8	1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Firstly, constructing turbines and wind facilities is extremely expensive.	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	The second disadvantage is technology immaturity [ref].	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	They believe that giant wind turbines distract viewers from the beautiful surroundings.	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wildlife: Wind turbines may be dangerous to flying animals.	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote the use of wind energy	Noise: Some wind turbines tend to generate a lot of noise which can be unpleasant	121_8	-1
C	Should we promote film production to cater to the needs of the public?	I think the film and it’s innovations sometimes has to catch up to society but sometimes it leads society too.	99_3	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	A 1995 survey of US chiropractors found that about one third believed there was no scientific proof that immunization prevents disease [ref].	70_12	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Conversely, alternative medicine providers have accused the vaccine industry of misrepresenting the safety and effectiveness of vaccines, covering up and suppressing information, and influencing health policy decisions for financial gain [ref].	70_12	-1
C	Should the minor be required to be held criminally liable	Since the 1970s, minors have been tried increasingly as adults in response to increases in violent juvenile crime.	30_9	1
C	Should the minor be required to be held criminally liable	In Sierra Leone, for example, people wanted the perpetrators to be held entirely responsible despite age or social context.	30_9	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	The results of a study of Washington state community college students showed that distance learning students tended to drop out more often than their traditional counterparts due to difficulties in language, time management, and study skills [ref].	8_7	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	According to Dr. Pankaj Singhm, director of Nims University, distance learning benefits may outweigh the disadvantages for students in such a technology-driven society; however before indulging into use of educational technology a few more disadvantages should be considered.	8_7	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	The goal is to permanently isolate nuclear waste from the human environment.	69_1	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	Deep borehole disposal seeks to place the waste as much as 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) beneath the surface of the Earth and relies primarily on the immense natural geological barrier to confine the waste safely and permanently so that it should never pose a threat to the environment.	69_1	1
C	Should nuclear waste be buried in the ground?	The thermal flux of the waste materials fracture the formation and alters the chemical and/or physical properties of hydrocarbon material within the subterranean formation to allow removal of the altered material.	69_1	1
C	Should we support the universal language	As the Declaration considers all languages equal, it rejects terms such as ‘official’, ‘regional’ or ‘minority’ languages and strongly advocates the full use of all historic community languages [ref].	13_6	-1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	The case to spare the dogs: Rabies outbreaks in the city put many people at risk; the festival exposes young people to violence; and the dog meat is not a true local culinary feature.	97_7	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	The patient then chooses to die with dignity, deciding on his/her own time and place to die.	32_10	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	They believe that allowing PAS is an act of compassion [ref].	32_10	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	(1) “it offends me,” suicide devalues human life;	32_10	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	(3) “pain can be alleviated,” palliative care and modern therapeutics more and more adequately manage pain;	32_10	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	(4) physician integrity and patient trust, participating in suicide violates the integrity of the physician and undermines the trust patients place in physicians to heal and not to harm [ref]	32_10	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	They state that instead of using PAS to control death: through high-quality care, effective communication, compassionate support, and the right resources, physicians can help patients control many aspects of how they live out life's last chapter [ref].	32_10	-1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	It could be argued that with proper palliative care, the patient would experience fewer intolerable symptoms, physical or emotional, and would not choose death over these symptoms.	32_10	-1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	It is contrasted with abolitionism, the position that human beings have no moral right to use animals, and ought to have no legal right, no matter how the animals are treated [ref].	74_7	1
C	Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	Abolitionists also argue that real reform is invariably unsuccessful, because industries that depend on animal use will not implement change that harms their profit margin.	74_7	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Buying local helps the local economy Buy Local:	51_1	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Buying local helps build thriving communities	51_1	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Buying local is better for the environment	51_1	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Buying local is the ethical choice	51_1	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Buying local encourages innovation	51_1	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Buying local means better quality	51_1	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics is important	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	It is generally agreed that ‘[m]athematics is a critical skill for all, including to those who have not achieved a Grade C at GCSE by age 16’ (Hodgen & Marks, 2013, p. 1).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Further, an argument is put forward that in today’s world of ‘rapid change’ (ACME, 2011a, p. 1), particularly in terms of technological change, the demand for mathematical skills is increasing (Burghes, 2011; Norris, 2012; Vorderman, Porkess, Budd, Dunne, & Rahman-hart, 2011).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics is also important as a school subject because not only is it needed for the sciences (Norris, 2012), but it also provides access to undergraduate courses in, for example, engineering, psychology, sciences and social sciences (Norris, 2012).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The argument is made that mathematics, and in particular statistics, is important even for non STEM subjects at university (ACME, 2011a; British Academy, 2012; Porkess, 2012).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The main arguments for the importance of mathematics, however, fall into three further areas: mathematics is a core skill for all adults in life generally; a mathematically well educated population will contribute to the country’s economic prosperity; and mathematics is important for its own sake.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics is a core skill for life	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	It seems to be generally agreed that in order for adults to function (reasonably well) in an increasingly complex world, they require a basic level of numeracy (All Party Parliamentary Group on Financial Education, 2011; Burghes, 2012; Parliamentary Office of Science and Technology, 2013; Gove in foreword to Vorderman et al., 2011).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Numeracy, or mathematical knowledge, is seen as a crucially important  (Ofsted, 2012; Vorderman et al., 2011) which is increasingly necessary in a range of life-skills, such as personal finance, (e.g.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	There seems to be little doubt that mathematical skills are increasingly needed in the workplace.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The point is made that mathematics (STEM) subjects can lead to a wide choice of good careers (Finegold, 2011; Porkess, 2012).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	In terms of the second, it seems that quantitative skills are important in a very wide range of jobs (ACME, 2011a; Hodgen & Marks, 2013; Norris, 2012; Vorderman et al., 2011).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	General numerical skills  are valued in some sectors, but in many they are seen as essential.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics is key to economic prosperity	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	It highlighted the importance of science and mathematics and the key role to be played by STEM in driving innovation, growth and economic recovery.’ (Parliamentary Office of Science and Technology, 2013, p. 1)	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The point is made that ‘to meet the globally competitive ambitions of a knowledge-based economy’ (Nurse in the foreword to Royal Society, 2011, p. vii) the quality and size of the ‘pool’ of young people engaged in mainstream mathematics and science education is crucial.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Even within the softer sciences, quantitative methods are key to both ‘blue skies’ research and effective evidence-based policy (British Academy, 2012).	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Further, quantitative skills are needed by researchers in the social sciences and humanities to enable effective engagement with STEM researchers, both within interdisciplinary research teams and in general intellectual dialogue.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	As Vorderman et al imply, mathematical skills underpin the attributes such as problem solving which are of critical importance within modern industrial environments, such as the pharmaceutical industry.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	‘Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) industries are becoming increasingly central to economic competitiveness and growth and will provide many of the jobs of to- morrow for young people.’ (Norris, 2012, p. 4)	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics is beautiful	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	A few reports suggest that mathematics is important for its own sake, and that for many people, mathematics is important because it is inherently beautiful and elegant.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	It is generally agreed that mathematics makes an essential contribution to a good rounded education, playing a vital role in our culture and civilisation.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Without a sound understanding of mathematics appreciation of a range of other educational disciplines such as music, the sciences, geography and economics is compromised.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	A further argument is made that mathematics is important because it encourages and develops important ways of thinking.	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	For example, the  Vorderman report states that mathematics is ‘critical in fostering logical and rigorous thinking’ (Vorderman et al., 2011, p. 11)	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	Mathematics education is important	53_5	1
C	Should Mathematics be a Compulsory Course	The effect of mathematics education on an economy is understood in many leading industrialised nations, including those of the Pacific Rim, whose students perform particularly well in international comparisons.	53_5	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Physical fitness is generally achieved through exercise.	10_6	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Working out can also help some people sleep better and possibly alleviate some mood disorders in certain individuals [ref].	10_6	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	This publication recommends that all adults should avoid inactivity to promote good health mentally and physically.	10_6	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It’s a common belief among campaigners that the key to improving understanding about sex and relationships is to increase awareness and education in schools.	46_8	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	After all, young people deserve a universal education when it comes to SRE – we need the tools to challenge unhealthy relationships we might see in our everyday lives and accept and understand our own bodies and desires, regardless of identity and background.	46_8	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	For these reasons and many more, schools would be the ideal place to challenge rape culture and fight back against sexual harassment, and teach safe and healthy SRE.	46_8	1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	This encouragement, along with government subsidies has led to a glut in the tobacco market.	95_5	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Tobacco production requires the use of a large amount of pesticides.	95_5	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	The use of force by states is already thoroughly regulated under international law [ref].	98_3	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Empirical studies on this have found that democracies have little democide [ref].	98_3	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Economic benefits from mega-events like the Olympics are often overstated	3_6	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	As with any mega-event, costs and benefits can be hard to estimate, but the general story is clear: for most modern Olympics, the costs have far outstripped the benefits.	3_6	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Mounting evidence showing that hosting the Games is a costly proposition for host cities seems to have turned voters across the world against the idea.	3_6	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	Tourism, meanwhile, can be crowded out by the hustle and bustle of the Olympics themselves – Beijing and London both saw fewer international visitors during the months they were hosting the Olympics in 2008 and 2012 compared to the same months in previous years, and Utah ski resorts noticed a dip in traffic during the 2001-02 ski season that coincided with the Salt Lake City games.	3_6	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	A few cities have had success generating future tourism business with the Olympics, notably Barcelona in 1992 which used the games to emerge from the shadow of nearby Madrid, another major tourist destination.	3_6	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	But hosting the Games has become an increasingly expensive gambit; indeed, as the rules for bidding currently stand, the entire structure of the Olympic Games shouts “potential host beware.”	3_6	-1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	One study did find that countries hosting the Olympics see a 20% increase in export trade in the years after hosting, relative to similarly-situated countries, which might go a long way to justifying the economic expense of hosting the event.	3_6	1
C	Should we fight for the Olympics?	The balance of evidence is that the economic costs of hosting the Olympics far outpace the benefits, so why do cities bother to bid at all?	3_6	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Due to the virtual nature of online gambling, it is hard for players to verify the authenticity of sites they are using [ref].	45_1	1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Lack of trust in payment systems and security are primary reasons for avoiding online gambling [ref].	45_1	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	However (and with the utmost respect for the suffering of terror victims and their families), statistics reveal that losses of human life due to terror attacks are low in number.	98_9	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	In general, terrorist have no armies, minimal funding, and terrorist activities are generally unable to make destabilizing impact on target countries.	98_9	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Terrorists do not represent the people they claim to represent.	98_9	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Negotiating with such groups assigns them legitimacy they do not have.	98_9	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Negotiating with terrorist undermines rule of law.	98_9	-1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Negotiating with terrorists affirms the values of human life and community.	98_9	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Average citizens should not be forced to bear the consequences of terrorists’ disagreement with government.	98_9	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Similarly, negotiations with terrorist organizations can serve as a starting point for a broader peace agreement, as secret and public negotiations between the government of the UK and the Irish Republican Army and the latter’s subsequent disarmament and participation in politics demonstrates.	98_9	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Negotiating with terrorists is preferable to the alternatives.	98_9	1
C	Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Thus, negotiations with terrorists may actually benefit national economic and security interests.	98_9	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	In June 2018, a poll conducted by the Pew Research Center revealed a 9% decline in digital circulation of newspapers during the year 2017, suggesting that revenue from newspapers online could not offset the decline in print circulation [ref].	9_9	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	The World Association of Newspapers and News Publishers (WAN) painted a stark picture of the threat posed to newspapers by the search engine giants.	9_9	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	After two centuries of improvements, Jenner’s work would help to result in the disease’s eradication.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccinations eliminate the price people pay from natural infections.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Although a natural infection almost always causes better immunity than a vaccine, there can be a high price paid if someone catches a potentially dangerous virus.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The use of vaccines saves lives.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The United Nations estimates that 2.5 million children each year have the gift of life because vaccines prevent them from getting a preventable disease infection.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Although everyone is free to disagree with this advantage if they want, many of these institutions say that inoculations are some of the safest medical products that are available to consumers today.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccinations can help to protect the next generation.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	When a community receives a high enough percentage of inoculations, then this action helps to eradicate diseases for future generations.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines allow for safer international travel.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Receiving a vaccination may increase the risk of an allergic reaction compared to not receiving one at all, but there are bigger risks that people take.	70_6	1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Vaccines can cause some serious side effects for some people.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The CDC notes that all vaccines carry with them a risk of a life-threatening allergic reaction that can impact about one child out of every 1 million in the population.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Medical decisions should be left to each person, their family, and their doctor.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	When vaccines are mandatory, they can infringe on personal religious choices.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	If you do follow one of these spiritual approaches and the government says you must receive a vaccination, then that could be a violation of your religious rights.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The ingredients used in vaccines are sometimes considered objectionable.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	If you have a moral objection to abortion, the natural progression of that view is that the introduction of a vaccine is irresponsible at best and likely immoral.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Natural vaccination creates better immunity.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The vaccines we create in laboratory situations are not as effective as the natural immunity development process.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Some people feel that being sick for a little while is better than the potential risks that an inoculation requires.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	Some vaccines do not have a high rate of success.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	The primary concern that people have with the use of vaccines is the idea that they might cause autism.	70_6	-1
C	Should vaccination be mandatory	There are two studies that claim the MMR vaccine creates a higher risk of developmental delay, but both of them have fundamental flaws in them.	70_6	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Children who are conceived with donated sperm, eggs or embryos will be allowed the right to trace their natural parents, the government has confirmed.	104_9	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Ministers say that the right of youngsters to have information about their parents is paramount, particularly because of the genetic factors in some diseases.	104_9	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	But some fertility experts are worried the changes will make recruitment of donors harder if they cannot remain anonymous.	104_9	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Most of the men concerned about their identity being revealed are more concerned about being saddled with financial responsibility than anything else.	104_9	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	While on the other hand, the children who are the product of sperm donation merely want to know where/who they came from.	104_9	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Poon said the rich international student stereotype also makes it more difficult and even embarrassing for non-U.S. students who need financial support to seek help.	93_7	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	She said the rich international student stereotype fuels resentment among U.S.-born students and deepens the chasm between international students and the rest of campus.	93_7	1
C	Should boxing be banned	Because of the concern that boxing may cause CTE, there is a movement among medical professionals to ban the sport [ref].	50_4	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Imposing youth curfews can help to solve these problems, as they keep young people off the street, and therefore out of trouble, and prevent them from congregating in the hours of darkness.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	The use of child curfews can help to protect vulnerable children.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	There is no good reason for children to be out unaccompanied late at night, so a curfew is not really a restriction upon their liberty.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Child curfews can help to the police to establish a climate of zero tolerance and to create a safer community for everyone.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Child curfews can help to change a negative youth culture in which challenging the law is seen as desirable and gang membership an aspiration.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	By spending more time with their families and in more positive activities, such as sports and youth clubs, which curfews make a more attractive option for bored youngsters, greater self-esteem and discipline can be developed.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Curfews are a tool in the struggle to improve lives in run-down areas; they are likely to be used for relatively short periods of a few weeks or months in order to bring a situation under control so that other measures can be put in place and given a chance to work.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	Most teens don't understand that they don't need much freedom since they are irresponsible and not adult yet.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	In a way, curfews does prepare them for the future by helping them to be able to handle being a responsible young adult once when they reach that age.	66_8	1
C	Should there be a curfew for children?	I'm 18 years old and firmly believe equal rights amongst minors.	66_8	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Certain economists, such as Jagdish Bhagwati, argue that the trade openness brought about by globalisation can contribute to the spread of democracy, as “the benefits of trade brings prosperity that, in turn, creates or expands the middle class that then seeks the end of authoritarianism.” Princeton’s John Doces found that “globalisation measured as increased exports to the U.S. increases the level of democracy in the exporting country.”	12_5	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Critics often point out that globalisation has led to job losses in the developed world, notably in the manufacturing sector.	12_5	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Globalization, as it currently exists, is making some in the developed world very rich, but hurting working class communities.	12_5	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Another common argument is that globalisation has eroded state sovereignty.	12_5	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	INCREASED INEQUALITY	12_5	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free market critics, such as the economists Joseph Stiglitz and Ha-Joon Chang, argue that globalisation has perpetuated inequality in the world rather than reducing it.	12_5	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In 2007, the International Monetary Fund suggested that inequality levels may have increased due to the introduction of new technology and foreign investment in developing countries.	12_5	-1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	They further argued that “stronger patents do little or nothing to encourage innovation”, mainly explained by its tendency to create market monopolies, thereby restricting further innovations and technology transfer [ref].	120_3	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	They argue such an analogy fails because physical property is generally rivalrous while intellectual works are non-rivalrous (that is, if one makes a copy of a work, the enjoyment of the copy does not prevent enjoyment of the original) [ref].	120_3	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Other arguments along these lines claim that unlike the situation with tangible property, there is no natural scarcity of a particular idea or information: once it exists at all, it can be re-used and duplicated indefinitely without such re-use diminishing the original.	120_3	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Petra Moser has asserted that historical analysis suggests that intellectual property laws may harm innovation:	120_3	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Overall, the weight of the existing historical evidence suggests that patent policies, which grant strong intellectual property rights to early generations of inventors, may discourage innovation.	120_3	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	While the application of IP rights can allow companies to charge higher than the marginal cost of production in order to recoup the costs of research and development, the price may exclude from the market anyone who cannot afford the cost of the product, in this case a life-saving drug [ref].	120_3	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	[citation needed] Stephan Kinsella, an anarcho-capitalist on the right-wing of libertarianism [ref], argues against intellectual property because allowing property rights in ideas and information creates artificial scarcity and infringes on the right to own tangible property.	120_3	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	In framing its presentations, the association has claimed that people are entitled to the property that is produced by their labor.	120_3	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooling is not an effective approach to provide children with education due to scarcities of qualified educators, homeschooled children unable to well-develop their social life as well as parents have to invest massive time and dedication.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Therefore, homeschooling is a high risk venture.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	According to the statistics of HSLDA (2010), the main reason parents choose homeschooling is religious conviction, which is about 49%; 15% agree that homeschooling can provide a positive social environment; 14% are for academic excellence; 12% choose homeschooling because of their children’s specific needs; and 5% are for flexibility and curriculum choice.	72_12	1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooling is not an effective approach to provide children with education because homeschooling lacks qualified educators; parents are required to invest massive amounts of time as well as dedication and homeschooled children will face social difficulties in their future.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooling lacks qualified educators	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	People do not have faith in homeschooling	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Unlike the standard curriculum, homeschooling is unable to provide comprehensive development.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Hence, home schooling’s academic is not comparable to standard curriculum.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	However, parents are not capable of delivering the knowledge effectively.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooled children do not posses well-developed social skills as they are not exposed to different types of people.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooling noticeably decreases the chance for children to communicate with other children in a learning atmosphere.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooled children face many social problems; they cannot interact with different groups of people properly and this will detrimentally affect their future life.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	According to Allison (n.d.), homeschooled children would not enjoy their childhood because their freedom is constrained by their parents.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Hence, parents need to spend a large part of the day with their children.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Hence, parents will not have much time left for doing other things.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Since most of the time is used for homeschooling, parents do not have the luxury to relax and enjoy.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Additional financial burden	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	This may put stress on parents who are both breadwinners of the family.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	However, these are costly, so they are additional financial burdens for the family.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooling supporters opine that the home educated children have close-knit family relationship as children spend most of the time with their family.	72_12	1
C	Should we support family education	According to AllAboutParenting.org (n.d.), homeschooled children may have the desire to attend school.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Due to this fact, people do not have faith in homeschooling because it cannot provide comprehensive development to their children.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Homeschooled children do not interact with a wide range of people.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	Furthermore, parents have to invest great amount of time to supervise their children’s education.	72_12	-1
C	Should we support family education	As a result, the family will face financial difficulty.	72_12	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Physical education undermines one's character as much as it strengthens and forges it.	42_6	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Furthermore, to expect all students to participate in a class that is so overtly embarrassing to the weaker athletes is almost state-sanctioned bullying.	42_6	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	Compulsory physical education risks unnecessary and costly injury	42_6	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	A compulsory rather than voluntary sports program is a risk for both students and schools.	42_6	-1
C	Should physical education be compulsory	PE simply adds, needlessly, to this hectic schedule.	42_6	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	“They have little care or anxiety, except the fun of dodging the policemen,” wrote K.K.	110_9	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	“They shamelessly impose upon those who really pity and befriend them.” Bentwick described the weekly meetings these supplicants held in London and identified a biweekly paper published in Paris called Journal des Mendicants (beggars).	110_9	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The Dark Side of Renewable Energy: Negative Impacts of Renewables on the Environment	47_13	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Although the intention of these pledges is to reduce the harmful effects of carbon emissions on the planet, are such initiatives as friendly toward the environment as they are believed to be?	47_13	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Hydropower does not cause any air quality impact directly; however, building and operating a hydroelectric reservoir can lead to several harmful impacts on the environment.	47_13	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The dams constructed for harnessing hydropower tend to greatly influence the flow of rivers, which can alter ecosystems and negatively impact wildlife and people.	47_13	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	This can interfere with the existing land uses.	47_13	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	Similarly, offshore wind turbines can harm marine birds.	47_13	-1
C	Should you invest in renewable technologies	The bioenergy feedstock and the way it is harvested can negatively impact land use along with global warming emissions.	47_13	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Short-term effects of alcohol consumption include intoxication and dehydration.	88_2	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Long-term effects of alcohol consumption include changes in the metabolism of the liver and brain and alcoholism.	88_2	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	[medical citation needed] Even light and moderate alcohol consumption increases cancer risk in individuals [ref].	88_2	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A systematic analysis of data from the Global Burden of Disease Study, which was an observational study, found that long term consumption of any amount of alcohol is associated with an increased of risk of death in all people, and that even moderate consumption appears to be risky.	88_2	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Alcohol can affect the fetus at any stage during pregnancy, but the level of risk depends on the amount and frequency of alcohol consumed [ref].	88_2	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	In 2010, a systematic review reported that moderate consumption of alcohol does not cause harm to people with cardiovascular disease.	88_2	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Phone Transparency is the way forward.	113_9	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	Unlike earlier periods when significant ethnic segregation might imply a lack of integration and therefore be viewed as a social problem, nowadays ethnic concentration in residential areas is a sign of vitality and indicates that multiculturalism as a social policy has been successful, that ethnic groups are retaining their identities if they so wish, and old-world cultures are being preserved at the same time that ethnic groups are being integrated.	117_5	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	From his installation speech in 1935 onwards, Lord Tweedsmuir maintained in speeches and over the radio recited his ideas that ethnic groups should retain their individuality and each make its contribution to the national character, and the strongest nations are those that are made up of different racial elements [ref].	117_5	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	A society which emphasizes uniformity is one which creates intolerance and hate.	117_5	1
C	Should we accept multiculturalism	It contains the globe within its borders, and Canadians have learned that their two international languages and their diversity are a comparative advantage and a source of continuing creativity and innovation.	117_5	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	With the men fighting in the wars, women were needed to take on responsibilities that the men had to leave behind [ref].	41_2	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Legalizing ivory trade won't save elephants, study concludes	63_9	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	All argue that some elephant populations are healthy enough to be managed for ivory production.	63_9	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Such issues mean ivory yields from managed herds would be far below current global demand, estimated at 210 metric tons annually, predicts Samuel Wasser, a conservation geneticist at the University of Washington, Seattle.	63_9	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Other researchers fear that even discussing legalization will make matters worse for elephants.	63_9	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Online Dating Leads To Higher Marriage Satisfaction, Lower Divorce Rates: Study	106_9	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	New research suggests that one in three Americans now meet their spouses online, and that those marriages are more satisfying and less likely to end in divorce than those that begin in traditional, offline venues.	106_9	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	What is clear from this research is that a surprising number of Americans now meet their spouse on-line, the research states, and Meeting a spouse on-line is, on average, associated with slightly higher marital satisfaction and lower rates of marital break-up than meeting a spouse through traditional (off-line) venues.	106_9	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	The authors point to previous research that indicates that people may be more honest when interacting online to explain the findings.	106_9	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Also, the pool of prospective partners is likely larger online, and those on online dating sites may be more focused on finding a long-term mate.	106_9	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Participants who met their spouse online reported that they were, on average, slightly more satisfied with their marriages, and slightly less likely to separate or divorce than those who met in offline venues.	106_9	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	An ivory trading ban actually encourages illegal trading by raising the price of ivory.	63_8	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	A trading ban does not choke off demand for the ivory, but instead raises the price to exorbitant levels, encouraging poaching.	63_8	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	The 1986 ban has reduced demand for ivory: At present demand for ivory is low and shrinking, and prices are actually lower than before 1989.	63_8	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Lifting the trading ban would renew interest in ivory artefacts and increase the size of the market for them, raising their price.	63_8	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	This will ensure there is always a long-term threat to elephants from man, and encourage poaching to continue.	63_8	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Elephant populations have revived, making it possible to lift the ban: The elephant populations of southern African states are growing rapidly, placing a strain upon the resources of the national parks in which they live.	63_8	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Relaxing the CITES ban on trading ivory, subject to careful regulation, would bring much needed cash to the environmental programmes of these impoverished countries, helping them to safeguard the long-term survival of African elephants [ref].	63_8	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	No test can reveal where worked ivory originated, nor which species it was from, so lifting the trading ban would make it easy for poachers everywhere to sell ivory, increasing their profits and their motivation to kill more elephants.	63_8	-1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	Governments should be able to sell the ivory they confiscate in order to fund their expensive regulation of ivory trading: Ivory is expensive to obtain (through culls or monitoring of very elderly beasts) and store, and degrades over time.	63_8	1
C	Should I ban ivory trading?	For this approach to be sustained the parks must generate greater income from their elephant populations; realistically, this can only be done through the sale of stockpiled ivory.	63_8	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Women should be able to choose what happens to the body that they occupy.	43_14	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	I believe it is a human right for any person, male or female, to be able to make decisions regarding their body because it is theirs.	43_14	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	Dog meat is a delicacy.	97_5	-1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	It's nourishing, says one man who gave his name as Huang.	97_5	-1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	A new generation of Chinese animal lovers increasingly view dogs as companions.	97_5	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The treaty nations realize that Antarctica and its shelf may soon be ripe for commercial development to help satisfy worldwide demands for new food and energy sources.	60_4	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The continent is now almost fully mapped and explored.	60_4	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	The promise of riches seems bright enough that numerous countries are making heavy new investments to establish their presence here and to make resource surveys this austral summer.	60_4	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	During the suffrage movement, conventional wisdom held that civic duty was bad for the ovaries.	43_2	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	They believed him when he said—as other academics, doctors, and scientists did—that women shouldn’t vote because they were, quite literally, not made for it.	43_2	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	According to the leading theory, mental exertion could jeopardize reproductive health.	43_2	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	According to the mainstream science of the time, “Women simply had inferior brains, which made them unsuited to the rigors of voting,” says Cheryl Jorgensen-Earp, a professor at the University of Lynchburg who studies rhetoric in science and the British women’s-suffrage movement.	43_2	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	And if women overexerted their already inferior brains, the thinking went, their health could suffer.	43_2	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	“For man the physiological psychology of woman is full of difficulties,” wrote the British immunologist Almroth Wright in a 1912 letter to The Times of London, which Sedgwick would later quote.	43_2	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	“Nothing is law which has not authority behind it; and there is no real authority where there is not power to compel obedience.” If women couldn’t defend the nation through physical force, Abbott wrote, they shouldn’t be allowed to determine its policies with the ballot.	43_2	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	“[The woman’s brain] is as rich in convolutions as is the man’s.	43_2	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Such reality Television shows give viewers and all the more so youngsters false any desire for a “joyfully ever after” reality were legends and courageous women live subsequently offending the sagacity of the viewers.	100_9	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	The arranged scripting and acting that happens in reality Television shows affronts the viewer’s insights.	100_9	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Reality TV is safe fun.	100_9	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Murray and Laurie describes such reality shows influence the social collaborations of young people.	100_9	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Despite the fact that banning reality shows would diminish the measure of sexual substance they would be presented to it would just clear approach to new manifestations of sexual and brutal diversion which would helpfully achieve our youngsters.	100_9	1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	Murray and Laurie also highlight banning reality TV will be violating of worldwide laws.	100_9	-1
C	Should you restrict reality TV	We can say that these types of TV shows are now showing lie, vulgarity, fraud and much more, so they should be banned.	100_9	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The argument claims that, infringing on copyright, unlike theft, does not deprive the victim of the original item [ref].	120_5	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	One of the founders of Piratbyrån, Rasmus Fleischer, argues that copyright law simply seems unable to cope with the Internet, and hence is obsolete.	120_5	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Fleischer's central argument is that copyright has become obsolete with regards to the Internet, that the cost of trying to enforce it is unreasonable, and that instead business models need to adapt to the reality of the Darknet [ref].	120_5	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Groups such as Hipatia advance anti-copyright arguments in the name of freedom of knowledge and argue that knowledge should be shared in solidarity.	120_5	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	They argue that current copyright law hinders the realisation of these rights in today's knowledge societies relying on new technological means of communication and see copyright law as preventing or slowing human progress [ref].	120_5	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Selmer Bringsjord argues that all forms of copying are morally permissible (without commercial use), because some forms of copying are permissible and there is not a logical distinction between various forms of copying [ref].	120_5	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Edwin Hettinger argues that natural rights arguments for intellectual property are weak and the philosophical tradition justifying property can not guide us in thinking about intellectual property [ref].	120_5	1
C	Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Shelly Warwick believes that copyright law as currently constituted does not appear to have a consistent ethical basis [ref].	120_5	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Cost is often a reason that people simply don't go to museums, particularly if they have large families.	49_7	1
C	Should all museums be opened for free	Eliminating admissions fees creates a potential shortfall that must be covered in some way.	49_7	-1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Corporal punishment is an easy, strong, visible, and therefore effective deterrent as well as a proportionate punishment for certain crimes [ref].	48_5	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Corporal punishment helps deter crime.	48_5	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Corporal punishment is a useful deterrent against prisoners breaking prison rules.	48_5	1
C	Should we introduce flogging?	Punishing with pain is barbarian., a throwback to societies built on military might, slavery and the treatment of criminals as humans without any rights.	48_5	-1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Online courses have been on the rise most notably for their affordability.	8_9	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	Since the cost of overhead for online courses is notably less than that of brick-and-mortar universities, all sorts of subjects can be taught online for free.	8_9	1
C	Should we eliminate traditional universities?	By providing students the ability to enroll in courses on their time and at their pace, online learning systems are far more convenient than in-person classes.	8_9	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	What is clear is the government sees the tradition as a tourist draw and source of income for the city of roughly 7 million people.	97_2	-1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	In China, dogs are typically fed meat so the cost of feeding a dog that will eventually be slaughtered would be more than the dog's market value.	97_2	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	This is a public health issue.	97_2	1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	And the cause of animal [protection] has become an important part of the country's burgeoning environmental awareness.	97_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Physical exercise is important for maintaining physical fitness and can contribute to maintaining a healthy weight, regulating the digestive system, building and maintaining healthy bone density, muscle strength, and joint mobility, promoting physiological well-being, reducing surgical risks, and strengthening the immune system.	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Early motor proficiency has a positive correlation to childhood physical activity and fitness levels, while less proficiency in motor skills results in a tendency to partake in a more sedentary lifestyle [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	There is a direct correlation between physical inactivity and cardiovascular mortality, and physical inactivity is an independent risk factor for the development of coronary artery disease.	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Children who participate in physical exercise experience greater loss of body fat and increased cardiovascular fitness [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	According to the American Heart Association, exercise reduces the risk of cardiovascular diseases, including heart attack and stroke [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Epidemiological evidence suggests that moderate exercise has a beneficial effect on the human immune system; an effect which is modeled in a J curve.	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Evidence suggests that exercise may positively affect cancer survivors health-related quality of life, including factors such as anxiety, self-esteem and emotional well-being [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A large body of research in humans has demonstrated that consistent aerobic exercise (e.g., 30 minutes every day) induces persistent improvements in certain cognitive functions, healthy alterations in gene expression in the brain, and beneficial forms of neuroplasticity and behavioral plasticity; some of these long-term effects include: increased neuron growth, increased neurological activity (e.g., c-Fos and BDNF signaling), improved stress coping, enhanced cognitive control of behavior, improved declarative, spatial, and working memory, and structural and functional improvements in brain structures and pathways associated with cognitive control and memory [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	The effects of exercise on cognition have important implications for improving academic performance in children and college students, improving adult productivity, preserving cognitive function in old age, preventing or treating certain neurological disorders, and improving overall quality of life [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Aerobic exercise induces short- and long-term effects on mood and emotional states by promoting positive affect, inhibiting negative affect, and decreasing the biological response to acute psychological stress [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Regular exercise is also associated with a lower risk of developing neurodegenerative disorders [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A number of medical reviews have indicated that exercise has a marked and persistent antidepressant effect in humans [ref], an effect believed to be mediated through enhanced BDNF signaling in the brain [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A meta-analysis from July 2016 concluded that physical exercise improves overall quality of life in individuals with depression relative to controls [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A 2018 systematic review and meta-analysis suggested that exercise can improve sleep quality in people with insomnia [ref].	10_2	1
C	Should physical education be compulsory in schools	One 2013 study found that exercising improved sexual arousal problems related to antidepressant use [ref].	10_2	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	More and more Indian states are embracing prohibition of alcohol as the sure shot way to check crimes against women, rise in road accidents caused by drunk driving, and woo voters to win elections given the popular support prohibition has in many parts of India.	88_15	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	The other motivator can be to check rising public health the expenditure caused by alcohol abuse.	88_15	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	On the other hand, many Indian states had to fully or partially withdraw prohibition of alcohol either because of the resultant loss in the tax revenue, reduced preference for ‘prohibition imposing states’ among tourists, or simply because the ban on alcohol didn’t really work on the ground.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Yet, there is a growing demand for prohibition in other Indian states like Maharashtra, J&K and UP, even though such bans have never worked in the past.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	There is a widespread belief among common Indian people that consumption of alcohol is the main reason behind rising crimes against women.	88_15	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Many Indians think that alcohol use is the most important factor contributing to an ever increasing number of road accidents in the country.	88_15	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	However, prohibition failed on almost all these counts, though initially, it seemed to have decreased consumption of alcohol in the US.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	That also increased corruption in the enforcement agencies, particularly police.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Worse, it deprived the government an importance source of tax revenue, and indirectly increased the use of drugs and other harmful substances among those who couldn’t get alcohol – a worse outcome.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	It’s important to realize that alcoholism is an individual problem and state has a limited role to play especially when prohibition makes the trade in alcoholic beverages highly lucrative for those who want to take the risk.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Besides, ban also corrupts personnel of the enforcement agencies especially police who can be paid to look the other way.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Thus, the state which bans the sale of liquor in its territory becomes a net loser.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Given poor health of states’ finances in general, most states can’t really afford to forego the revenue coming from the sale of alcohol.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Prohibition promotes bootlegging, and/or illicit trade in adulterated alcohol that often results in tragedies.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Besides, banning legal liquor may drive more people towards illegal hooch or drugs.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Prohibition also means loss of jobs for people employed in breweries, distilleries and hospitality industries.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A better approach can be to progressively raise taxes on alcoholic beverages along with boldly putting statutory warnings about the dangers of drinking on the package or containers to educate the people and then let them take a call whether they want to consume it or not.	88_15	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Cancelling driving licences of drunk drivers would be far more effective in checking road accidents caused by drunk drivers.	88_15	-1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	At the most basic level, when you buy local more money stays in the community.	51_10	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	This is the way product innovations get made, says Witt.	51_10	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Another argument for buying local is that it enhances the velocity of money, or circulation speed, in the area.	51_10	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	If you're buying local and not at a chain or branch store, chances are that store is not making a huge profit, says David Morris, Vice President of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance, a nonprofit economic research and development organization based in Minneapolis and Washington, D.C. That means more goes into input costs—supplies and upkeep, printing, advertising, paying employees—which puts that money right back in the community.	51_10	1
C	Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Buy-local campaigns can help local economies withstand the downturn.	51_10	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It is considered a cultural heritage.	54_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Plus, the government part Partido Popular designated it as a “cultural heritage worthy of protection.”	54_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Some people in Spain consider bullfighting as a tool of national unity, particularly during the time of Francisco Franco; it was in this period that bullfighting flourished.	54_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It provides entertainment.	54_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It gives a bull a better chance at life than other animals.	54_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	For them, bulls that are raised for this particular activity are treated well.	54_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Some Spanish veterinarians in support of the sport add that a bull can’t feel any pain if they are “skillfully killed.”	54_4	-1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It poses risks for matadors.	54_4	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It is dangerous for the public.	54_4	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	The Running with the Bulls event poses a threat to public safety given that anyone can be gored by a bull.	54_4	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It is cruel for the animals.	54_4	1
C	Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	For one, a clean kill is not always a guarantee; sometimes a bull will suffer a long, agonizing death.	54_4	1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Experimental research with animals is usually conducted in universities, medical schools, pharmaceutical companies, defense establishments and commercial facilities that provide animal-testing services to industry [ref].	75_1	-1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Supporters of the use of animals in experiments, such as the British Royal Society, argue that virtually every medical achievement in the 20th century relied on the use of animals in some way [ref].	75_1	-1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	The Institute for Laboratory Animal Research of the United States National Academy of Sciences has argued that animal research cannot be replaced by even sophisticated computer models, which are unable to deal with the extremely complex interactions between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms and the environment [ref].	75_1	-1
C	Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Animal rights organizations—such as PETA and BUAV—question the need for and legitimacy of animal testing, arguing that it is cruel and poorly regulated, that medical progress is actually held back by misleading animal models that cannot reliably predict effects in humans, that some of the tests are outdated, that the costs outweigh the benefits, or that animals have the intrinsic right not to be used or harmed in experimentation [ref].	75_1	1
C	Should you block drug addicts?	Apparently being talented and famous means you deserve a second chance.	55_10	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Ahmad Hariri, professor of psychology and neuroscience at Duke University who has been using 23andMe in his research since 2009 states that the most important aspect of the company's new service is that it makes genetic research accessible and relatively cheap for scientists [ref].	29_8	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	All babies are, to some extent, designed.	96_3	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Some cultures place great importance on having at least one child of a particular gender.	96_3	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	We can prevent the trauma and stress of not having a child of a particular gender, which can have negative cultural connotations.	96_3	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Over time, a scarcity of one gender will in any case produce new pressures to rebalance the population, e.g the paying of dowries may change, women will achieve higher status.	96_3	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Knowing what gender a child will be is tremendously helpful for parents in planning for the future (picking clothes, colour schemes, toys, names etc).	96_3	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	The trauma and grief of having lost a child might be more easily relieved by allowing the couple to have another child of the same gender.	96_3	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Some parents are carriers of known sex-specific diseases.	96_3	1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Freedom of choice is a good principle, but harm is done to others by the practice of sex selection and so it should not be allowed.	96_3	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Apart from the danger that serious gender imbalances will result (covered in point 3 below), making some sort of sexual selection legal and acceptable will reinforce and legitimise gender stereotypes.	96_3	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	Children are not toys.	96_3	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	This argument veils the likely result of the policy: reinforcement of already unhealthy cultural practices.	96_3	-1
C	Should parents be allowed to choose the gender of their children	socially harmful because in time many young men will be unable to find a partner; in China this is already linked to a rise in sexual violence, kidnapping and forced marriage, and prostitution.	96_3	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Reasons for setting a wage minimum included stabilizing the economy and ensuring that all workers, including those who were not labor union members, were at least able to afford basic living necessities.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Modern-day advocates of the minimum wage make similar arguments: Employees who receive adequate compensation are better able to clothe, house and feed themselves and their families.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Minimum wage laws are also perceived as necessary to protect workers from exploitation by unscrupulous employers.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	When employees are paid well, they enjoy better mental and physical health.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Motivated workers may also be more likely to pursue career advancement in their current workplace, rather than departing the company, as soon as they receive a better offer.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Companies prosper when consumers feel confident enough to make purchases.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	The minimum wage can also provide social stability within communities.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	This fundamental feeling has translated into many different policies aimed at closing the gap between wealthy and poor, one such being the minimum wage.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	However, the only real purpose the minimum wage serves is to ease middle class liberals’ (and maybe some conservatives’) conscience.	86_10	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	At an effective minimum wage, more workers will want to work than employers will be able to employ.	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Instead, they may simply require current employees to do more, invest in job-killing labor replacements like self-checkout lines and Sheetz-style ordering kiosks and pass on the higher labor costs in the form of higher prices, which causes inflation (none of these effects are desirable).	86_10	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	In addition, simply having a higher minimum wage does not translate into a higher standard of living.	86_10	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Even so, you could argue that an economy with no minimum wage is cruel.	86_10	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Respect for animal welfare is often based on the belief that nonhuman animals are sentient and that consideration should be given to their well-being or suffering, especially when they are under the care of humans [ref].	16_7	1
C	Should we support animal rights	The other view is based on the animal rights position that animals should not be regarded as property and any use of animals by humans is unacceptable.	16_7	1
C	Should we support animal rights	The predominant view of modern neuroscientists, notwithstanding philosophical problems with the definition of consciousness even in humans, is that consciousness exists in nonhuman animals [ref].	16_7	1
C	Should we support animal rights	This approach indicates the belief that animals should be considered as sentient beings.	16_7	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Animals shall be treated with respect and dignity throughout their lives and, when necessary, provided a humane death.	16_7	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Welfarism is often contrasted with the animal rights and animal liberation positions, which hold that animals should not be used by humans and should not be regarded as human property [ref].	16_7	1
C	Should we support animal rights	The abolitionists' objective is to secure a moral and legal paradigm shift, whereby animals are no longer regarded as property.	16_7	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	They also note, “there are also concerns that women will interfere with group bonding and cohesion—the same arguments that long interfered with the integration of African Americans and gay people into the military.”	41_5	-1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Gender Equality, Job Equality	41_5	1
C	Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Gender Discrimination is Alive and Well	41_5	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Especially since 2015, big data has come to prominence within business operations as a tool to help employees work more efficiently and streamline the collection and distribution of information technology (IT).	29_7	1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	By applying big data principles into the concepts of machine intelligence and deep computing, IT departments can predict potential issues and move to provide solutions before the problems even happen [ref].	29_7	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Why Ending The Death Penalty Only Benefits The Worst Criminals	68_14	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	It was an appeal to a fundamental principle of justice in civil society.	68_14	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	A justice rooted in “proportionality”—that punishment should be dispensed in direct relation to the level of injury caused to others.	68_14	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	As he puts it, “To abandon proportionality in sentencing is to abandon the quest for justice itself.	68_14	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	And to deny the death penalty for premeditated murder is to deny the very principle of fitting punishments to offenses.	68_14	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Newsom has said, “The death penalty is a failed policy that wastes money and is fundamentally immoral.” Recently, Newsom put his personal beliefs into action by granting reprieves for 737 death row inmates.	68_14	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	Feser and Bessette again explain: Perhaps most importantly, in its supreme gravity it [the death penalty] promotes belief in and respect for the majesty of the moral order and for the system of human law that both derives from and supports that moral order.	68_14	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	William Smith Jr., the dissenting vote against Clark’s release, wrote: “Release at this time would deprecate the seriousness of the offenses and undermine respect for the law.	68_14	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	In a time of mass shootings, terror-driven beheadings, the slaughter of innocent children, and the senseless moral depravity of gang violence and human trafficking, the death penalty has an even greater role to play in the defense of human life.	68_14	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	There are certain acts for which the only appropriate punishment is the ultimate penalty—the forfeiture of one’s life.	68_14	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The widespread use of computers and the internet have made distance learning easier and faster, and today virtual schools and virtual universities deliver full curricula online [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Distance[67] learning can expand access to education and training for both general populace and businesses since its flexible scheduling structure lessens the effects of the many time-constraints imposed by personal responsibilities and commitments [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Distance education can also provide a broader method of communication within the realm of education [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	With the many tools and programs that technological advancements have to offer, communication appears to increase in distance education amongst students and their professors, as well as students and their classmates.	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The distance educational increase in communication, particularly communication amongst students and their classmates, is an improvement that has been made to provide distance education students with as many of the opportunities as possible as they would receive in in-person education.	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Present-day online communication allows students to associate with accredited schools and programs throughout the world that are out of reach for in-person learning.	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	By having the opportunity to be involved in global institutions via distance education, a diverse array of thought is presented to students through communication with their classmates.	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	This is beneficial because students have the opportunity to combine new opinions with their own, and develop a solid foundation for learning [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It has been shown through research that as learners become aware of the variations in interpretation and construction of meaning among a range of people [they] construct an individual meaning, which can help students become knowledgeable of a wide array of viewpoints in education [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The high cost of education affects students in higher education, to which distance education may be an alternative in order to provide some relief [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Distance education has been a more cost-effective form of learning, and can sometimes save students a significant amount of money as opposed to traditional education [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Distance education may be able to help to save students a considerable amount financially by removing the cost of transportation [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	In addition, distance education may be able to save students from the economic burden of high-priced course textbooks.	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Also, the increasing improvements in technology have resulted in many school libraries having a partnership with digital publishers that offer course materials for free, which can help students significantly with educational costs [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It is able to promote good learning experiences and therefore, allow students to obtain higher satisfaction with their online learning [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	For example, students can review their lessons more than once according to their need.	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	When course design and the learning environment are at their optimal conditions, distance education can lead students to higher satisfaction with their learning experiences [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Distance learning may enable students who are unable to attend a traditional school setting, due to disability or illness such as decreased mobility and immune system suppression, to get a good education [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Distance education may provide equal access regardless of socioeconomic status or income, area of residence, gender, race, age, or cost per student [ref].	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Self-paced distance learning on a mobile device, such is a smartphone, provides maximum flexibility and capability.	108_6	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	He describes that over multiple years, all of the obstacles have been overcome and the world environment for distance education continues to improve.	108_6	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Without subsidies, many farmers face an uncertain future.	95_10	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	“Students are having to pay quite a high price for university at home,” Elizabeth Shepherd, the report’s author, said in an interview.	93_5	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Economic conditions and uncertainty were factors impacting on choices, with American students concerned that study abroad would further increase their debt at a time of rising costs for a college education.	93_5	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	This means that it must be left undisturbed, in order to allow further study of such critical international issues as climate change, ozone depletion, long-range weather forecasting and the operation of marine eco-systems (crucial to sustainable fishing).	60_1	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Firstly, proven and probable reserves of oil and gas are still rising faster than global consumption, so there is no economic need to exploit any hypothetical Antarctic sources.	60_1	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Not only should we not relax the Antarctic fishing regime, we should probably seek to tighten it further; the less legal fishing is allowed, the easier it will be to spot unlicensed activity.	60_1	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Access to Antarctica should be restricted to those with a serious scientific purpose.	60_1	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Overall, tourism will create a precedent for economic exploitation that may make it harder to defend the unique status of the continent in the future.	60_1	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Well-regulated economic exploitation of its resources need not ruin it and could provide valuable raw materials and a boost to the world economy.	60_1	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Compared to these global influences, limited exploitation of Antarctic resources under strict environmental regulation will not make a significant difference.	60_1	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Fishing provides a crucial source of protein, especially for the relatively poor, and the Antarctic oceans are underexploited compared to all other fisheries.	60_1	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Tourism should be greatly expanded to allow as many people as possible to visit this unique environment.	60_1	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Antarctica should be for all of humanity, not just for an elite few scientists who seek to deny others access while simultaneously demanding huge sums of money for their research projects.	60_1	-1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Tourism could also promote environmental aims, as it would educate visitors about the importance of Antarctica and so help to influence environmental policy in many countries around the world.	60_1	-1
C	Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Online venues, by contrast, are dramatically cheaper because they have much smaller overhead costs.	45_3	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Critics charge that GMO conspiracy theories are largely promulgated by those opposing the production and sale of GMOs, and instances of unsubstantiated conspiracy theories have lately occurred in the context of public health issues that are mostly unrelated to GMOs, including the 2015–16 Zika virus outbreak and concerns over food safety at Chipotle Mexican Grill.	92_3	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	One GMO conspiracy theory was identified by biochemist Paul Christou and horticulturalist Harry Klee as a claim that development and promotion of GMOs was done by pesticide companies to cause crops to become more vulnerable to pests and therefore require more pesticides [ref], while philosopher Juha Räikkä identified a conspiracy theory that claims the lack of any reliable scientific evidence that show harmful effects of GMOs is due not to a lack of evidence but rather to a conspiracy to hide that evidence [ref].	92_3	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A work seeking to explore risk perception over GMOs in Turkey identified a belief among the conservative political and religious figures who were opposed to GMOs that GMOs were a conspiracy by Jewish Multinational Companies and Israel for world domination [ref] while a Latvian study showed that a segment of the population of that country believed that GMOs were part of a greater conspiracy theory to poison the population of the country [ref].	92_3	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A study of media rhetorical devices used in Hunan, China found that the news articles that were opposed to trials of golden rice promoted conspiracy theories including the view that the West was using genetic engineering to establish global control over agriculture and that GM products were instruments for genocide [ref].	92_3	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Civil society adapted the counter rhetoric of insincerity, claiming that scientists had some kind of “hidden agenda” behind their claim, such as eagerness to just earn money from their patents on GMOs.	92_3	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	: The Science and Ethics of Genetic Engineering that fears about the consolidation of power by a few agrochemical companies over farmers is a main argument against new genetic engineering technology in agriculture: At its extreme, this fear belongs to the conspiracy-theory genre and, to caricature somewhat, envisages powerless farmers forced to pay ever increasing amounts to anonymous international companies who profit from the cost of the crop seed and from the cost of the herbicides used to spray them [ref].	92_3	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	One claim is that Monsanto is deliberately hiding scientific evidence that GMOs are harmful [ref].	92_3	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	You’re Violating Their Trust In You	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	By secretly searching through their phone, you’re breaking this trust and respect.	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	If you do decide to look through their phone, all sorts of unintended consequences can play out.	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	You could also see something you weren’t meant to see.	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	There are certain personal things that your partner does not need to be sharing, and you might happen to stumble upon one of these things.	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	You may not like what you see.	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Some people obviously wouldn’t care as much as others about this, especially those who have nothing to hide, but even still, nobody would enjoy somebody else secretly invading their privacy.	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	The kicker about going through your partner’s phone; it will not solve anything that is actually wrong in your relationship.	113_10	-1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	It means you care about the relationship.	113_10	1
C	Should you be allowed to watch your partner's phone?	Going through your partner’s phone is a self-fulfilling prophecy.	113_10	-1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	The ultimate aim is to serve or convey, a message or content that is (statistically speaking) in line with the consumer's mindset.	29_6	1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Data journalism: publishers and journalists use big data tools to provide unique and innovative insights and infographics.	29_6	1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Such mappings have been used by the media industry, companies and governments to more accurately target their audience and increase media efficiency.	29_6	1
C	Does big data bring more benefits	Kevin Ashton, digital innovation expert who is credited with coining the term [ref], defines the Internet of Things in this quote: “If we had computers that knew everything there was to know about things—using data they gathered without any help from us—we would be able to track and count everything, and greatly reduce waste, loss, and cost.	29_6	1
C	Should we implement the network real-name system	He notes that while anonymity doesn’t work well in group settings (as supporters of Google’s policy like to point out), the answer isn’t necessarily requiring real names, but rather some structure that allows for persistent pseudonyms or “handles.”	56_2	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	After World War II, nuclear weapons were also developed by the Soviet Union (1949), the United Kingdom (1952), France (1960), and the People's Republic of China (1964), which contributed to the state of conflict and extreme tension that became known as the Cold War.	119_3	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	of the effects of a major nuclear exchange foresee the death of many millions of victims within a very short period of time.	119_3	-1
C	Do all countries have the right to manufacture nuclear weapons	Nuclear terrorism by non-state organizations or actors (even individuals) is a largely unknown and understudied factor in nuclear deterrence thinking, as states possessing nuclear weapons are susceptible to retaliation in kind, while sub- or trans-state actors may be less so.	119_3	-1
C	Should we support intercountry adoption	The previous years’ difference in sex may be connected to the one-child policy in combination with Chinese cultural values, which led to more girls being abandoned.	73_2	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	They can easily get online and find anything they want, from their favorite TV shows and music videos to troublesome homework answers.	108_8	-1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Web sites streamline information and deliver it in quick bursts, making it easy to digest and understand.	108_8	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	This constant supply of available entertainment has reduced the average attention span.	108_8	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Students can find essays or test answers for any subject imaginable.	108_8	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Knowing that the correct answers are readily available online can prove far too tempting for some students, which leads to academic fraud, plagiarism, and rampant cheating.	108_8	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Such technological distractions place an even greater emphasis on the need for regular exercise and physical activity.	108_8	1
C	Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Generally human beings connect with each other via internet and do their necessary works like gossiping, shopping and many other social and academic tasks.	108_8	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	The use of drugs to enhance performance is considered unethical, and therefore prohibited, by most international sports organizations, including the International Olympic Committee.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	The general trend among authorities and sporting organizations over the past several decades has been to strictly regulate the use of drugs in sport.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Anti-doping authorities state that using performance-enhancing drugs goes against the spirit of sport.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Deciding that U.S. athletes needed chemical assistance to remain competitive, Ziegler worked with the CIBA Pharmaceutical Company to develop an oral anabolic steroid.	23_10	1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	These side effects would be alleviated if athletes were allowed the use of controlled substances under proper medical supervision.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	The problem was that amphetamine leads to a lack of judgement and a willingness to take risks, which in sport could lead to better performances but in fighters and bombers led to more crash landings than the RAF could tolerate.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Anabolic steroids also increase muscle mass and physical strength, and are therefore used in sports and bodybuilding to enhance strength or physique.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	The banning of these drugs promotes a level playing field and equality among athletes [ref].	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	While not as life-threatening as the drugs used in endurance sports, anabolic steroids have negative side effects, including:	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	In countries where the use of these drugs is controlled, there is often a black market trade of smuggled or counterfeit drugs.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Some commentators maintain that, as outright prevention of doping is an impossibility, all doping should be legalised.	23_10	1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	However, most disagree with this, pointing out the claimed harmful long-term effects of many doping agents.	23_10	-1
C	Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	G. Pascal Zachary argues in a Wired essay that legalizing performance-enhancing substances, as well as genetic enhancements once they became available, would satisfy society's need for übermenschen and reverse the decline in public interest in sports [ref].	23_10	1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Groups for donor conceived children make a strong case for the rights of children to have access to information about their genetic background.	104_2	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Having contact and meeting among families sharing the same donor generally has positive effects.	104_2	-1
C	Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	It gives the child an extended family and helps give the child a sense of identity by answering questions about the donor.	104_2	-1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Universal access to education[1] is the ability of all people to have equal opportunity in education, regardless of their social class, gender, ethnicity background or physical and mental disabilities [ref].	26_10	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Some critics feel that this practice in higher education, as opposed to a strict meritocracy, causes lower academic standards [ref].	26_10	-1
C	Should you ask for free university education	In order to facilitate the access of education to all, countries have right to education [ref].	26_10	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Universal access to education encourages a variety of pedagogical approaches to accomplish the dissemination of knowledge across the diversity of social, cultural, economic, national and biological backgrounds.	26_10	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Universal Access to education means people have equal opportunities to take part in any educational system.	26_10	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Poverty leads to lack of education [ref].	26_10	1
C	Should you ask for free university education	Factors associated with poverty including unemployment, illiterate parents, and ailments increase the possibility of non-schooling, and dropout rates [ref].	26_10	1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	A new paper suggests partners who meet online are more likely to be compatible than those who meet in person.	106_3	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	The paper adds to a growing body of research suggesting marriages that start online are stronger and last longer than relationships that start offline.	106_3	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	But couples who connected through swiping or clicking can take, ahem, heart: If they choose to tie the knot, they’ll likely have a healthier marriage than couples who met offline.	106_3	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	And they found that compatibility was greater in partners after they had added those online-dating connections to that society.	106_3	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Earlier studies – in which real people were surveyed – have found relationships that begin online tend to have an advantage over those that began offline.	106_3	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	People who met their spouse online said their marriage was more satisfying than those who met their spouse offline.	106_3	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Plus, marriages that began online were less likely to end in separation or divorce.	106_3	-1
C	Should you stay away from online dating	Another study, published in the journal Sociological Science in 2017, found that heterosexual couples who met online made a quicker transition to marriage than couples who met offline.	106_3	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	We don’t tolerate people mooching off the government and people are obviously more valuable than animals, so why waste the funds on it?	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Wildlife preservations are taking up large chunks of land that could be used for government housing.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	So basically, if you try to save an endangered species, you are very selfish.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	There’s an old saying that goes “you can’t help someone that won’t help themselves.” I say we take that saying a bit further and change it to “you can’t help someone that won’t help themselves, and you definitely can’t help an animal that refuses to adapt to the changing times, so until they change their terrible attitudes, there’s not much we can do about it.” It’s a bit more wordy, but the message is powerful.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	It isn’t our job to save other species from extinction, it is our job to save ourselves.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Meaning that the process of extinction is extremely normal, and it is not something we should stress or fret about.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	We cannot and should not run around trying to save every animal species that is on the very of becoming extinct, because it has been scientifically proven that these animals will evolve into new species and survive, until they become extinct and then so on and so forth.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Although we cannot save every species that becomes extinct, we can save the environment that we live in, to prevent every species from dying off.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Most of the world believes that it is our job to try to save every species before it goes extinct.	122_6	1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	That is a huge and unmeasurable burden to put on some people, and it is definitely impossible to do.	122_6	-1
C	Should we protect endangered animals?	Natural selection is not something that we can control, but we can help control the environment that we live in.	122_6	1
C	Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	We all come to Antarctica to experience one of the most enchanting natural environments on Earth, we don’t come here to pollute the environment.	60_15	-1
C	Should we fund poor communities?	There have also been reports that focus on specific investments being made in opportunity zones that critics say aren’t benefiting low-income residents of the areas, such as investments in luxury apartment buildings.	90_9	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	They also criticized the idea of the New Woman in general and advocated for women and men to occupy separate spheres of influence.	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	They wanted the country to see that women could make a difference without the vote, however, it was partly the efforts of women aiding the war that helped women gain the vote in the end [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Anti-suffragists felt that giving women the right to vote would threaten the family institution [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Illinois anti-suffragist, Caroline Corbin felt that women's highest duties were motherhood and its responsibilities [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Some saw women's suffrage as in opposition to God's will [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Some anti-suffragists didn't want the vote because they felt it violated traditional gender norms [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	There were also those who thought that women could not handle the responsibility of voting because they lacked knowledge of that beyond the domestic sphere and they feared government would be weakened by introducing this ill-informed electorate [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Also, since Antis believed that governments had authority due to force, women wouldn't be able to enforce the laws they may enact [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Anti-suffragists, such as Josephine Dodge, argued that giving women the right to vote would overburden them and undermine their privileged status [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	The thought was that women were able to influence the government because they were seen as politically neutral and non-partisan and giving them the right to vote would strip them of this unique position [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	In addition, because voting is only a small part of government, they believed there was no need to vote in order to participate in politics [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	The anarchist Emma Goldman opposed suffragism on the grounds that women were more inclined toward legal enforcement of morality (as in the Women's Christian Temperance Union), that it was a diversion from more important struggles, and that suffrage would ultimately not make a difference.	43_5	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Anti-suffragists saw women's efforts to gain the vote to be all surface dressing with a lack of serious intent to change the world for the better [ref].	43_5	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Social learning theory originated with Bandura's which suggests that children may learn aggression from viewing others [ref].	14_9	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	The findings of this experiment suggest that children tended to model the behavior they witnessed in the video.	14_9	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	This has been often taken to imply that children may imitate aggressive behaviors witnessed in media.	14_9	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	The students who had played the violent video games were observed to be significantly less affected by a simulated aggressive act than those who didn't play the violent video games.	14_9	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Some scholars also argue that the continuous viewing of violent acts makes teenagers more susceptible to becoming violent themselves [ref].	14_9	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	According to this model, media violence is explicitly considered a weak causal influence.	14_9	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Specifically, as suggested by the catalyst model, perpetrators of crimes sometimes included stylistic elements or behaviors in their crimes they had seen in media, but the motivation to commit crimes itself was unrelated to media viewing.	14_9	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Freedman, 2002; Olson, 2004; Savage, 2004) have pointed out that as media content has increased in violence in the past few decades, violent crimes among youth have declined rapidly.	14_9	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Because the violence being portrayed in media especially TV is usually punished, it does not have an effect on producing violent behavior [ref].	14_9	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Analysis from this study show that violent media consumption as well as various forms of nonempathetic parental behaviour led to slightly more violent delinquency and to considerably more violence-approving normative beliefs [ref].	14_9	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	Although most scholars caution that this decline cannot be attributed to a causal effect, they conclude that this observation argues against causal harmful effects for media violence.	14_9	1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	A recent long-term outcome study of youth found no long-term relationship between playing violent video games or watching violent television and youth violence or bullying [ref].	14_9	-1
C	Shouldn't the sale of violent video games be banned	However, by 2001, the US Surgeon General's office, The Department of Health and Human Services had largely reversed itself, relegating media violence to only a minor role and noting many serious limitations in the research [ref].	14_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	According to roughly a dozen recent studies, executions save lives.	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	“But my research shows that there is a deterrent effect.”	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	But, Mr. Becker added, “the evidence of a variety of types — not simply the quantitative evidence — has been enough to convince me that capital punishment does deter and is worth using for the worst sorts of offenses.”	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	But he nonetheless concluded that “the death penalty undoubtedly is a significant deterrent.”	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	“I did shift from being against the death penalty to thinking that if it has a significant deterrent effect it’s probably justified.”	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	“Capital punishment may well save lives,” the two professors continued.	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	“Those who object to capital punishment, and who do so in the name of protecting life, must come to terms with the possibility that the failure to inflict capital punishment will fail to protect life.”	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	To many economists, then, it follows inexorably that there will be fewer murders as the likelihood of execution rises.	68_9	-1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	“Capital punishment is very expensive,” he said, “so if you choose to spend money on capital punishment you are choosing not to spend it somewhere else, like policing.”	68_9	1
C	Should the death penalty be abolished	The available data is nevertheless thin, mostly because there are so few executions.	68_9	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	AI is incredibly smart, but it will never match human creativity	5_15	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	One could be forgiven for thinking that machines are creative.	5_15	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Grey shows how general-purpose robots are the current threat to humans seeking jobs, as it would be a slow process to replace every single manufacturing job with specialized machines.	5_15	1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	No computer has yet achieved consciousness, and, according to Searle, no computer of the current form will.	5_15	-1
C	Will artificial intelligence replace humans	If such a conscious integrated circuit were possible it would still lack the foundations for true creative and spontaneous thought.	5_15	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Though it creates winners and losers, the broad consensus among economists is that free trade is a net gain for society [ref].	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Quoting Harvard economics professor N. Gregory Mankiw, [f]ew propositions command as much consensus among professional economists as that open world trade increases economic growth and raises living standards [ref].	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	In a survey of leading economists, none disagreed with the notion that freer trade improves productive efficiency and offers consumers better choices, and in the long run these gains are much larger than any effects on employment [ref].	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade jeopardizes countries' security.	12_11	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade is a threat to global security.	12_11	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade hurts the world's poor	12_11	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade creates demand for the products produced by this modern day form of child and adult slavery.	12_11	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Sweatshops are produced by free trade and demand for cheap goods, and the way that workers are treated is inherently wrong.	12_11	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	When countries dump their products in other markets without barriers, they undercut the ability for local industries to compete.	12_11	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	The overall economic development of the country will thus be inhibited1.	12_11	-1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Aside from war, free trade also solidifies countries’ alliances.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade promotes global connections and peace and therefore is a beneficial force.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade promotes global efficiency through specialization.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade leads to specialization and efficient production, which ultimately would increase the size of the global economy and the individual economies in it.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade reduces poverty.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade promotes the necessary monetary flow and demand for goods to increase jobs and sustainably grow an economy to reduce poverty.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade promotes growth in all countries.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Through global competition, specialization, and access to technology, free trade and openness allow countries to grow faster—India and China started in the 1980s with restrictive trade policies, but as they have liberalized they have also improved their growth enormously1.	12_11	1
C	Should we embrace globalization?	Free trade increases access to technology which also increases overall development.	12_11	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	With many women doing a man’s work, yet often deprived by law or custom of equal rights and an equal chance with man, what was to be expected but a cry for the ballot, that talisman by virtue of which man is supposed to be secure in all his rights against any possible oppression?	43_9	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Yet as the demand for woman suffrage is thus largely the result of an unnatural, and it is to be hoped temporary, state of human society, so it may well be questioned whether the desired boon would prove a palliative, or only an aggravation, of the evil which has produced it.	43_9	-1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	But while the fact that so many women are doing the same work as men gives added force to their demand for the same social status, many advocates of woman suffrage rest their claims for enfranchisement on far broader ground.	43_9	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	It is as the sacred right of every human being, regardless of sex, that they demand the ballot for woman.	43_9	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	But the right to vote, a share in the direction of the public life, does not arise from the circumstance that the individual is affected by the acts of government, but is dependent on the benefit his participation in public affairs is likely to confer on society, or on the necessity of furnishing him a defense against the selfishness of his fellows.	43_9	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Again, it is impossible to discriminate so as to select only those best fitted for the duties of citizenship.	43_9	1
C	Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Women would vote on the moral side, and being, happily, a majority, would introduce a grand era of moral reform.	43_9	1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	Tobacco kills up to half of its users, resulting in 6 million deaths a year, according to WHO data.	95_6	-1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	“The global trend toward reducing or eliminating tobacco subsidies and price supports in high-income countries (HICs) has significantly affected international production and trade patterns.	95_6	1
C	Should you subsidize the tobacco industry	The labor-intensive process of tobacco farming provides income to millions of families in producing countries.	95_6	1
C	Is the advertisement harmful?	In the United States, researchers have consistently found that negative advertising has positive effects.	37_6	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	They are able bodied and can work, but it seems they just don't want to, he said.	110_1	-1
C	Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	But most caught begging have homes to go back to.	110_1	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Work on cloning techniques has advanced our basic understanding of developmental biology in humans.	44_1	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Cells produced with SCNT, or iPSCs could eventually be used in stem cell therapy [ref], or to create organs to be used in transplantation, known as regenerative medicine.	44_1	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Advocates support development of therapeutic cloning in order to generate tissues and whole organs to treat patients who otherwise cannot obtain transplants [ref], to avoid the need for immunosuppressive drugs [ref], and to stave off the effects of aging [ref].	44_1	-1
C	Should we ban human cloning	Some opponents of reproductive cloning have concerns that technology is not yet developed enough to be safe – for example, the position of the American Association for the Advancement of Science as of 2014 [ref], while others emphasize that reproductive cloning could be prone to abuse (leading to the generation of humans whose organs and tissues would be harvested) [ref], and have concerns about how cloned individuals could integrate with families and with society at large [ref].	44_1	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Animals do not have souls.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	God gave humans dominion over the animals.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Humans are intellectually superior to animals.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Animals do not reason, think, or feel pain like humans do.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Animals are a natural resource to be used as humans see fit.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	They believe that animals have moral rights to life, liberty, and other privileges that should be upheld by society and the rule of law.	16_8	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Other people believe that some animals have (or should have) some moral and/or legal rights under certain circumstances.	16_8	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Many animals (alive or dead) have financial value to humans.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	These laws were often passed based on the theory that animal abuse was bad for society in general—they did not protect animals for the animals' sake but for humanity's sake.	16_8	1
C	Should we support animal rights	What really matters is that no animals exhibit the capacities of personhood, such as rationality and self-consciousness.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	In Animals Issue, Carruthers argues that contractarianism is the best moral model for describing the human-animal relationship, but he concludes that animals do not have moral standing under the contract because they do not qualify as rational agents.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	In other words, living beings with conscious awareness and self-identity deserve moral rights.	16_8	1
C	Should we support animal rights	Cohen sums up his argument against animal rights: Animals cannot be the bearers of rights, because the concept of rights is essentially human ; it is rooted in the human moral world and has force and applicability only within that world.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Legally, most animals are considered property.	16_8	-1
C	Should we support animal rights	Dunayer supports the idea that humans and animals should have absolute moral equality.	16_8	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Facebook and Twitter make news a more participatory experience than before as people share news articles and comment on other people's posts.	4_4	1
C	Should we promote social networks	However, journalistic influence is growing less important, whereas social networking sites such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter, provide a constant supply of alternative news sources for users.	4_4	1
C	Should we promote social networks	As social networking becomes more popular among older and younger generations, sites such as Facebook and YouTube, gradually undermine the traditionally authoritative voices of news media.	4_4	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media is used to fulfill perceived social needs, but not all needs can be fulfilled by social media [ref].	4_4	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	It has negative influences on people's psychological health and well-being because it could contribute to negative mood and depressed feelings [ref].	4_4	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	These authors also discovered that teenage girls compare themselves to their peers on social media and present themselves in certain ways in effort to earn regard and acceptance, which can actually lead to problems with self-confidence and self-satisfaction [ref].	4_4	-1
C	Should we promote social networks	Social media can also function as a supportive system for adolescents' health, because by using social media, adolescents are able to mobilize around health issues that they themselves deem relevant [ref].	4_4	1
C	Should we promote social networks	Other social media, such as pro-anorexia sites, have been found in studies to cause significant risk of harm by reinforcing negative health-related behaviors through social networking, especially in adolescents [ref].	4_4	1
C	Should we ban the production of generic drugs	And some experts note a massive influx of generic drugs could help mask increases in the counterfeit drug trade, already a multibillion dollar industry and expected to see a 90 percent jump in global sales from 2005 to 2010.	61_2	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Through the competitions, the contestants can learn how to present themselves in public and how to cultivate certain traits such as confidence or poise [ref].	87_1	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Pageantry also teaches you how to handle stress by learning to deal with pressure and disappointments[citation needed].	87_1	-1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Critics of beauty pageants argue that such contests reinforce the idea that girls and women should be valued primarily for their physical appearance, and that this puts tremendous pressure on women to conform to conventional beauty standards by spending time and money on fashion, cosmetics, hair styling, and even cosmetic surgery.	87_1	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	The London Feminist Network argues that rather than being empowering, beauty pageants do exactly the opposite because they deny the full humanity of women by placing them as the subject of objectification; they reinforce the idea that a woman's only purpose is to look attractive [ref].	87_1	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Another criticism that is placed on beauty pageants is in the way beauty is quantifiably scored as highlighted by the Myth of the Perfect 10 [ref].	87_1	1
C	Should we ban beauty pageants?	Researchers suggest that these events strengthen skills, such as interpersonal communications, self-assurance, and public speaking, which prove to be useful in future career paths [ref].	87_1	-1
C	Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	This programme supports the repatriation of ancestral remains and secret sacred objects to their communities of origin to help promote healing and reconciliation and assists community representatives work towards repatriation of remains in various ways [ref].	71_5	1
C	Should we support family education	It gives more freedom in planning a curriculum and schedule.	72_13	1
C	Should we support family education	It provides more personalized one-on-one learning opportunities.	72_13	1
C	Should we support family education	It allows you to spend more time with your family.	72_13	1
C	Should we support family education	Research shows that destructive or rebellious behavior diminishes when teenagers start homeschooling.	72_13	1
C	Should we support family education	It lets you protect your children from negative influences they may encounter outside the home.	72_13	1
C	Should we support family education	It makes family trips and vacations easier to plan.	72_13	1
C	Should we support family education	You will have little respite and less time for yourself or your spouse.	72_13	-1
C	Should we support family education	It consumes a lot of time, energy, and resources.	72_13	-1
C	Should we support family education	It causes financial restraints.	72_13	-1
C	Should we support family education	It limits your child’s opportunities to participate in team sports, competitions, and other extra-curricular activities.	72_13	-1
C	Should we support family education	Your kids can also be bullied by other kids because they are ‘weird’.	72_13	-1
C	Should we support family education	Some people will even question the intelligence or knowledge of your children because they think you can’t learn properly if you don’t learn in a traditional school setup.	72_13	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Heavy consumption of ethanol (alcohol abuse) can cause severe detrimental effects [ref].	88_6	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Chronic alcohol misuse and abuse has serious effects on physical and mental health.	88_6	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A 2016 systematic review and meta-analysis found that moderate ethanol consumption does not prolong life compared with lifetime abstention from ethanol consumption [ref].	88_6	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Some studies have concluded that drinking small quantities of alcohol (less than one drink in women and two in men) is associated with a decreased risk of heart disease, stroke, diabetes mellitus, and early death [ref].	88_6	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Over-consumption of alcohol causes many deaths worldwide.	88_6	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	A 2010 study confirmed the beneficial effect of moderate alcohol consumption on mortality [ref].	88_6	-1
C	Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Language has a very significant role in people's lives.	27_4	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	There is a scientific consensus[13][14][15][16] that currently available food derived from GM crops poses no greater risk to human health than conventional food [ref], but that each GM food needs to be tested on a case-by-case basis before introduction [ref].	92_6	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	In a 2016 review, Domingo concluded that studies in recent years had established that GM soybeans, rice, corn, and wheat do not differ from the corresponding conventional crops in terms of short-term human health effects, but recommended that further studies of long-term effects be conducted [ref].	92_6	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A 2012 review of 12 long-term studies and 12 multigenerational studies conducted by public research laboratories concluded that none had discovered any safety problems linked to consumption of GM food [ref].	92_6	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Dona and Arvanitoyannis' 2009 review concluded that results of most studies with GM foods indicate that they may cause some common toxic effects such as hepatic, pancreatic, renal, or reproductive effects and may alter the hematological, biochemical, and immunologic parameters [ref].	92_6	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Flachowsky concluded in a 2005 review that food with a one-gene modification were similar in nutrition and safety to non-modified foods, but he noted that food with multiple gene modifications would be more difficult to test and would require further animal studies [ref].	92_6	1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A 2004 review of animal feeding trials by Aumaitre and others found no differences among animals eating genetically modified plants [ref].	92_6	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	In 2016, Domingo published an updated analysis, and concluded that as of that time there were enough independent studies to establish that GM crops were not any more dangerous acutely than conventional foods, while still calling for more long-term studies [ref].	92_6	-1
C	Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	Some plants are specifically genetically modified to be healthier than conventional crops.	92_6	-1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	“We might also aspire to a more educated society and prepare young people for meeting social and human needs as well as economic growth.”	124_9	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	A growing body of research indicates that increasing the minimum school-leaving age to 18 not only increases high-school graduation rates but also significantly improves the life outcomes of students who otherwise would have become dropouts, according to an article in the winter 2013 Issues in Science and Technology.	124_9	1
C	Should we raise the school-leaving age to 18?	Though the study shows demonstrated improvements with a change in minimum school-leaving age, more effort should also be spent on keeping students engaged in school at earlier ages.	124_9	-1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Minimum wage increases cause the price of labor to go up, and when that happens, people, in this case employers, hire less labor.	86_1	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Because a higher minimum wage doesn’t make workers more productive; it simply makes them more expensive.	86_1	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	Proponents admit that, beyond some point, raising the minimum wage will cause unemployment.	86_1	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	One can’t legislate that a worker earn a living wage any more than one can legislate that a farmer grow enough crops to feed his family—and for the same reasons.	86_1	1
C	Shouldn't it be forbidden to set a minimum wage	What the minimum wage does do, however, is allow politicians to buy votes from more abled workers by disemploying the less abled.	86_1	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Ideally, children will get all of the information they need at home from their parents, but school also should be an important source of information.	46_9	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Research has shown time and time again that abstinence-only education doesn't work.1﻿ Here are 10 reasons why comprehensive sex education should be taught in schools.	46_9	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The research has shown it time and time again: Abstinence-only education doesn't affect the rates at which teenagers decide to have sex.2﻿ Given that the primary purpose of abstinence-only education is to do exactly that, it is clear that it doesn't work.	46_9	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	All the other studies that say providing condoms in schools doesn't make kids more promiscuous.4﻿ Over the past 20 years, numerous studies have consistently demonstrated that teaching comprehensive sex education in schools doesn't have the downside most people are afraid of.5﻿ In other words, providing condoms in schools doesn't encourage adolescents to start having sex earlier, or even more often.	46_9	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Comprehensive sex education doesn't encourage kids to have sex.	46_9	1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	In contrast, when comprehensive sex education is taught in schools, it may encourage teens to make more informed decisions before participating in alternative sexual behaviors.	46_9	1
C	Should we legalize euthanasia?	Some governments around the world have legalized voluntary euthanasia but most commonly it is still considered to be criminal homicide.	32_7	-1
C	Should the Dog Meat Festival be abolished?	But many locals see this as an attack from the west on their way of living.	97_8	-1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	Smoking bans have been introduced in numerous countries around the world, following the incontrovertible link that’s been made between smoking and cancer.	65_5	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	The World Health Organisation estimates that over 6m people a year will die from smoking related illnesses each year and thousands more suffer from the effects of secondhand smoke.	65_5	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	A natural consequence of smoking bans has been a decline in smoking in countries implementing them.	65_5	1
C	Should we ban smoking in public places	In fact, smoking ban legislation has led to a decline in the way that tobacco firms expand internationally.	65_5	1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Opponents of drinking in public (such as religious organizations or governmental agencies) argue that it encourages overconsumption of alcohol and binge drinking, rowdiness and violence, and propose that people should instead drink at private businesses such as public houses, bars or clubs, where a bartender may prevent overconsumption and where rowdiness can be better controlled by the fact that one is sitting down and security or bouncers may be present [ref].	88_13	-1
C	Shouldn't alcohol be forbidden	Proponents further argue that drinking in public helps normalize attitudes towards drinking and build a healthier drinking culture.	88_13	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Too many teachers lacked expertise in teaching sensitive and controversial issues, which resulted in some topics such as sexuality, mental health and domestic violence being omitted from the curriculum, it says.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	A new study of sex education around the world shows that teenagers feel embarrassed, teachers are ill-prepared, and the course content is outdated and stereotyped.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Course content is often outdated, negative, and narrow focused, they say.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	And it is taught by teachers who are ill-prepared for such a sensitive and often embarrassing subject.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Effective sex education in the classroom comes with a distinct set of challenges, as it deals with personal, private issues in a public space, and both sexes reported unique insecurities when it comes to the sensitive topic of sex.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	“Young men are anxious about any sexual ignorance being revealed, while young women can be vulnerable to verbal harassment or attacks on their sexual reputations if they participate in lessons,” says Pound.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	“Meanwhile, school teachers’ lack of expertise leaves them vulnerable in lessons.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The result can be awkward, painful and unsatisfactory for all involved,” she says.	46_15	-1
C	Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The researchers found that many schools did not acknowledge that their students may already be sexually active, and that sex education classes do not cover the full range of sexual activity and orientation that pupils would like.	46_15	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Sending your child to study abroad will deplete your savings and other myths about financing overseas education busted	93_8	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	The sheer quality of the education and the opportunities that will follow would place your child on a career path full of promise and potential for great things.	93_8	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	Additionally, allowing your child to experience the variety of the world, interact with new people and new cultures, and learn how to adapt to a foreign environment adds to their holistic development and growth.	93_8	-1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	At this price point, the education might come at the cost of the family’s financial health.	93_8	1
C	Should we oppose ordinary families for their children to study abroad?	There are a variety of options and alternatives that offer much better value for money while providing the quality education that your child needs for a bright future.	93_8	1
